Sat Mar  2 09:38:24 IST 2024
    God I am so tired. I don;t think I can finish all of the logs I have pending today. I have to write the 1st's log which is a giant monolith. And
    I have to write today's which is an even bigger beast.

Sat Mar  2 09:43:22 IST 2024
    I'm going to sleep. I'll do it tomorrow. I'll just suffer the drop in detail.

Sun Mar  3 14:51:25 IST 2024
    Okay. Been a while. So let's get to it.

    I woke up late today because of three things. One, I was gonna drive to college. Two, being late was fine since today was a Fest day. Three, I
    couldn't take off until Praneeth's stuff left in the Verna was shifted over to his i20 so that he could leave for Hyderabad in the evening.

    So I brushed my teeth, showered, took my coffee, skipped the honey again. I did some light morning exercise, just one cycle of the Sun 
    Salutation, 10 deep squats, and 5 Hindu push ups.

    I waited for Praneeth to wake up and a get ready to help shift his stuff over. In the meanwhile, I got on the computer and played some TypeRacer
    And checked out some messages from friends. Promised Vamsi that I'd drop him off in the evening since he asked for the favor.

    I got ready and packed and went down to the shed to start with the moving over of stuff. Mom was also going out today so the driver she'd hired,
    Vasu, was also there to help out. Dileep also arrived a few moments later.  

    Praneeth came down just as we were finished and checked that we got everything. He whispered to me dispose of a beer bottle he left in the back-
    seat of the Verna and than saw me off after making sure I had gas money and stuff. It was just past 8:15AM.
    
    I ended up forgetting to dispose of the beer bottle. Meh, it'll be fine. Probably. Maybe. We'll see.

    I put my liked songs playlist on shuffle and got on the road to campus. I got stopped gas at the bunk on Santhipuram Junction on the highway.

    The drive to campus took an hour and a half almost. By the time I made it there, it was almost 10:00AM. I went to our classroom first to meet
    up with Harsith and the rest of the gang. Played a ball game with them for while. I left them to it after a while to go find Bhavya.

    She was in the room beside Phani Mam's cabin with Deva Senior rehearsing for her anchoring gig for the evening's culturals program. I sat with
    her for a while, specatated a an arguement that Omkar, who is also on the team of anchors, caused and listened to her rant a bit and just talked
    with her for a while. Also gave some critique to her and Deva bro's anchoring script. Then Deepa, the Co-ordinator for the culturals program 
    came and kicked me out.

    I said goodbye to Bhavya and went back to my classroom. Harsith finally got a move on and we went to the adjacent seminar hall where our Dept.
    would be conducting it's closing ceremony for the TechFest and the distribution of prizes for the events held during it. 

    I didn't know Harsith was acquainted with so many of our Seniors but I guess that happens when one participates in as many events as he did.

    We talked with them for a while. Veerandra also came in to join us since he knew that group of Seniors too. Then we got out for a session of 
    photoshooting with everybody which was quite fun. Veerandra was quite the photographer. Even I indulged in some good photos and selfies. Likely
    that the festive mood got to me. 
    
    The event started shortly thereafter. Luckily, there were no drawn out speeches or the like and we were expedient with the giving out of prize.

    Harsith won 3 prizes. One for a debate competition, another for a paper presentation contest and one more for the Mr. Cursors pageant. I took 
    a couple videos and photos of him when he tooks his prizes with Veerandra. Though I'm sure Vivek took much better ones from up front.

    Veerandra won a prize as well. For a Debugging contest.

    Srinu called me in the middle of the ceremony asking after the lunch party plans that we talked about yestesrday, and I told him I would get 
    back to him on that a while later.

    Our Dept. H.O.D when asked to speak on the dias, invited the students and faculty for feedback after getting through all the congratulations 
    and whatnot. When no stood up for it, Harsith got bullied into saying some more congratulatory stuff. After him, I went forward with some 
    critique, as a CR, over how attendance for students helping out with students could have been managed better. I got some pointed CR comments 
    out of everybody for that, but it would be worth it if that was something that would kept in mind for the next TechFest.

    The proceedings didn't conclude until almost 1:00PM. We got into another long photoshoot with the Seniors and Lokeswari Mam and Amaravati Mam.
    Then I stashed their prizes and certificates in Harsith's bag and went over to the closing ceremony of the ECE Dept., since Harsith participated
    in some of their events as well.

    Well, Harsith himself went. Veerandra and I went over to the cafeteria to procure lunch. We hashed out between ourselves and dropped him off
    there. Ran into Veerandra's hostel roomates and the like who took the piss out at him. But he took it all in stride.

    We got to the cafeteria and ordered servings of chicken fried rice and one of chicken 65 to be parcelled. That took a long time. I chatted with
    Veerandra a little about typical boys stuff and the like. Met up with Kiran who was chilling there with his roomate and our classmate Dinesh's
    older sister. At least as I understand it.

    Vamsi called me asking after the same party plans we talked about yestesrday and said that he was feeling under the weather and wanted some 
    clarity regarding them so he could decide what to do. I said I'd get back to him after I confirm with Harsith.

    So I called Harsith and after some discussion decided it was best to postpone that party stuff to some other time. I called back Vamsi and said 
    as much and told to the same to Srinu.

    Greeted Abhishek, who was around, as well. Veerandra helped out Lokeswari Mam and some of the other faculty lunching there at the time with
    seating. Our order still hadn't come, so we sat down with Kiran. I took the opportunity to check for updates. Zenith of the Stars got a new
    chapter so I read that for a while.

    I spotted Bhavya walking into the cafeteria after a while, and went over to talk to her. She was all ready and dressed up for her anchoring gig.
    Her greed and yellow saaree really suited her, especially with all the jewellery she was wearing and I said as much. She much liked that. I also
    gave her my compliments and condolences for suffering through how uncomfortable he getup must be in all the heat. I think she appreciated that
    even more.

    She wanted to keep her company in roaming the campus for a while and I was bored waiting for the food to come anyway, so I eagerly obliged. I
    left my bag and the order token with Veerandra and we went out. We went over to the college grounds where the food stalls and the like were set 
    up. We got waylaid by a some counselors offering advice and the like for internships and overseas education opportunities.

    We got in to a bit of discussion with them, but ultimately excused ourselves after taking their contact info for later consideration. We roamed
    around talking some more and I really loved just being able to talk like that. I haven't been able talk like that with anyone else except 
    Harsith I think in a long while. Though that is no one's fault but mine.

    There was Dhanur Vishnu and some others in high school, like Aryan Akshaydeep or Rohan... I don't remember his surname. But there wasn't a lot 
    of them. So I think I'm gonna try to do better this time as a friend. With Harsith and Bhavya both since I lost my chance with everyone else.

    She called me her boy-bestie! Which was really sweet. I do not want to let her down.

    We circled back to the cafeteria after we ran out of places to see. Veerandra and my bag were gone so I assumed our order came in. But he wasn't
    returning my calls so I didn't know where he was. Neither did know where Kiran was who should have been with him. We left the cafeteria since 
    there was no use staying there.

Sun Mar  3 16:00:12 IST 2024
    We went over to the ECE Dept. building to see if he'd met up with Harsith. No dice there, so I left Bhavya there, near the room where ECE 
    closing ceremony was still going on, and quickly rushed over to see if he was in our classroom. 
    
    He wasn't there. So I rushed back. Told Harsith to see if he can connect with them and to tell them to meet me in the classroom or call me back.

    Bhavya had been meeting up with some friends who'd come to visit her in the meanwhile and introduced us. She said they were MBBS students but I
    think the girl said she was really B.Sc I think...? I'm not sure I heard her right. I'll confirm it with Bhavya later.

    Bhavya dragged me near the yard out at the front of the campus where the main stage was set up for the Fest's culturals program. We sat there 
    and just talked for a while about crushes and the like. I told her about mine and she told me about hers. Apparently she knew Shreya from her +1
    and +2 time and confirmed that she was indeed in a relationship. Which was expected. We continued our conversation in the same vein for a while.

    Eventually Veerandra did call me saying he was near the CSE block and to come meet him. I told Bhavya I had to go meet up with him. She tagged 
    along half way there with me before excusing herself to go meet with the rest of her co-anchors. I said goodbye to her, retrieved my bag from
    Veerandra and went up to our class to finally eat lunch. It was almost 3:00PM by then.

Sun Mar  3 16:12:12 IST 2024
    God I've written so much and I'm through just half the day.

    So I opened up the parcel and started eating. Veerandra joined me a little while later, followed by Harsith even later. We ate while keeping up
    some lively chatter and the like. Harsith told us about how his event went and that he didn't place in the Utakarash event. I got more details 
    out Veerandra about his competitions. It was great. I barely looked at my phone the whole time.

Sun Mar  3 17:40:13 IST 2024
    Hah, had to take a break. Anyway where was I?

    Yeah, so we finished our lunch. Veerandra left early to go back to his room. We hung out some of our friends who joined us in the room. Then we,
    too, left to roam around the campus for a while.

    I'd mentioned to Harsith that Omkar was one of the anchors for the culturals program this year and he did a little dance saying the program was screwed.
    Which Ravi Kumar sir saw and that prompted a discussion about a bunch of tangential topics that eventually lead to the sir boasting about some 
    of the good memories sir had. 

    It went on long enough that I was going to say something that was the polite equivalent of 'we have better things to do than hear you yap about 
    yourself'. I didn't get the chance to say it though since that was exactly when I got call from Dad.

    He'd just gotten home from working his morning shift but didn't have the keys to the house, since Praneeth and I had the original and spares.
    He'd wanted know if I was on the way. I told him my position and that he would have wait an hour and half for me to drive back if I started then.

    He told me not bother with that and that he'd just wait for Praneeth to get back.

    Harsith had just immitated getting a call like I just did to escape further conversation. So we just both got on our way and left the rest of 
    the group to suffer Ravi Kumar sir's stories. 

    We walked around to the stalls I visited with Bhavya earlier and got some drinks. We went back to the class to get our bags. They were gonna 
    fully lock up the dept. buildings so we couldn't leave them back. We stowed them in my cars trunk. I even left out the blazer Haristh made wear
    when he switched out of it and into a normal overshirt.

    Then we joined the crowd spectating the culturals program. We talked, we danced, we gaslight our friends using one of the class groups, met up
    with them and danced some more. Dissed the sountrack choices of the performances. Complained about the heat and sun. Danced some more.

    I even read a new chapter of Zenith that I hadn't finished in the throng of the crowd.

Sun Mar  3 18:56:23 IST 2024
    Took another break from this. Where was I? 

    So yeah, there I was in the crowd and the pushing and whatnot was getting a bit too much. Bhavya's part of the anchoring was done too. So I 
    decided to get out of the crowd to get some water for the guys and see if I can't find her.

    So I go over to my car and grab a drink. Grab Harsith's water bottle, fill it up from the fresh water machine in the Admin block. Managed to 
    to actually find Bhavya in a stroke of luck though she seemed very busy still helping out with organizing the performances when she really 
    should have been dancing the evening away. I told her that but let her go back to her duties wishing her luck and safety and telling her to try
    to call me when she's free. 

    I got back to my gang. Danced some more but left after a while when broken chairs started piling up and smoke appeared in the air. 

    I roamed around the event grounds for a while and found a nice place to sit down and relax for a while. Charan found me a little later and, 
    when I mentioned that I was gonna drive home early ar 7:30PM, asked me to drop me off. I agreed readily enough. His phone was almost dead, so 
    he left to charge it and asked me to call him before leaving. 
    
    The next person to find me was Abhishek. I chatted around with him a while until he too left to actually just straight up head home right then.

    I roamed around the campus some more. Got a coffee from the food stall out by the gate. Went back into the throng to tell Haristh and Vamsi when
    I would be leaving, danced some more, and got out of the crowd again. 
    
    Tried to get to Bhavya again, but no dice. Did get talk to Lokeswari Mam and Amaravati Mam though. They seemed to have enjoyed the night. 

    Had an enexpected encounter with Karthikeya. He asked me for a favor. His phone died as well, and he wanted me to film some girl that he knows
    doing some dumb dance or whatever. He couldn't point me to her nor would he do it himself. 

    Another he asked for, was to let him use my phone to make some calls. I had no reason not to help out as long as he didn't walk off somewhere. 

    We walked around to the front gate where I saw Vyshu. Took a few photos together and chatted a bit. Charan joined us too from somewhere. 

    It was almost time for me to get a move on and get out there before rush hour started. So headed over to the backstage again to see if I can 
    catch Bhavya and tell her I was leaving. Again, no dice. So I just left her a text and included an apology. Did manage to say goodbye to 
    Lokeswari Mam on the way back to my friends.

    I found Vamsi and Harsith to tell them I was gonna head out. Got dragged into more dancing. Did not appreciate the drunks around there. But 
    eventually I was able to get them on the move. We walked back to my car, Harsith retrieved his bag and dragged us over to get some drinks.

    I called Charan to meet up at the place. And we all got drinks and whatever. By the time we were done, rush hour started up. Precisely what I
    wanted to avoid!

    15 mins earlier and I would have had no problems getting the car onto the highway from the dirt road that leads to our college gate. 
    
    I love Haristh, I really do. No one gets me like he does. He even picked up on the fact that I was about not-so politely tell Ravi Kumar sir to
    leave us alone earlier in the day and was gearing up to stop me or cover my ass. But sometimes, I just really want to deck him.

    I was lucky to have Charan and Vamsi with me to help navigate the rush. It would have taken me an hour to get through otherwise as opposed to 
    just the half it did take. Lesson learned - next time I need to be even more firm about my timelines and not get sidetracked.

    Charan was a licensed driver who went on cross-country drive across the U.S so he had a lot of tips and pointers to share about driving. There
    were some hiccups but overall his critique of my driving was greatly appreciated. He did a much better job of it than the guy who supervised 
    me in driving school.

    I dropped Vamsi off near... what was it?... Satyam junction, just before past Gurudwara which is where he needed to be. But I also wanted to 
    drop Charan off near Rama Talkies so we made the comprise between us.

Sun Mar  3 19:39:41 IST 2024
    Then I drove straight home. I finally got there by like 9:30PM. Dad had left the door on opened-setting-thingy for me. I'd also left the car 
    parked facing forward in the shed.

    I got home, showered, did not indulge in pleasure of my flesh. I helped Dad cook dinner in the kitchen by dicing some paneer and capsicum. 

    The rest of the night, I spent watching YouTube videos, doing some chores and eating dinner. I did not write the log for the day or even the 
    previous day yet. 
    
    Just did not have the energy between the rest of the whole day and Mom yelling and grummping at everything from the moment she stepped foot in 
    the house. I'd left the door and the outer grilled completely locked as opposed to setting it up to open easily. So I had to deal with that.
    And than Mom scolded me for being incapable of doing that and other nonsense.

    I just turned in the towel and turned in for the night early at just past 12:10PM. Thinking I could do everything that needed doing tomorrow.
    As you... or is it 'I'?... can see, that did not pan out very well. 

    Anyway, with that, the log is finally done. I'm going to go update the log for the 3rd and see how much of the 1st I can get done. I also have 
    to do some stuff for college tomorrow. I'd use the crying face emoji here if I could.

Sun Mar  3 19:54:12 IST 2024
    And thus, fin.