Sun Mar  3 10:08:12 IST 2024
    Oh good morningto myself. I slept well last night, since I went to bed around 12:15AM and woke up again at 9:15AM.

    I just had the thought that Mom looks very pretty when she laughs. The fact that I can only say that now instead of it just being a fact of life
    for me says very bad things about our family. We all need therapy. But since I don't think I can convince anyone else of that, I'll take it
    first. We'll see if the results of it are good enough to convince them.

    So I woke up, brushed my teeth, drank my coffee lukewarm, gave Mom her bourne vita while she was brushing her hair and then I hit the shower.

    One thing I have yet to mention is that I haven't indulged in my physical pleasures at all yet this month. I plan to keep it that way for the 
    rest of the month.

    Just solved a chess puzzle. And then started on this log. The main goal for today is finishing the logs for both 1st and 2nd of March.

Sun Mar  3 10:18:02 IST 2024
    And I think I'll get to them now.

Sun Mar  3 12:31:35 IST 2024
    I did not in fact get to them after I wrote that. I watched a bunch of YouTube videos and shorts, went through some forum threads on AH and 
    SpaceBattles, re-read some chapters of JJK, checked out the new latest episode of the One Piece anime and read the updates on a 3 very amazing
    fanfic stories. A Naruto one(Against The World), a Pokemon one(Pokemon: Origin Of Species), and another Naruto one(Understanding Does Not 
    Presage Peace). 

    And I'm back here now. Will be eating lunch now since Mom just gave me the all clear to go into the kitchen. I need to stop procrastinating on
    those logs. I understand that there is just so much to write but it will only get done if I start writing away at them.

Sun Mar  3 14:45:44 IST 2024
    I diced some vegetables while Dad warmed up the rice. Filled up a plate with some of last night's paneer curry and the rice when it finished 
    for lunch. Watched more YouTube videos while I ate. Finished that. 
    
    I'd hungs some clothes up to dry. Don't know when I did that this morning, before or after lunch.

    Won a game of chess and, until a minute ago, was configuring my bash aliases.
    
Sun Mar  3 20:46:52 IST 2024:
    Whoo! Been a while. Let's what I've been upto in the meantime.
    
    I spent an hour and a half writing the 2nd's log. Took a break at 4:20PM to watch YouTube. Got back to the log around 5:20PM again.

    Around 6:00PM I started chatting with Bhavya on Instagram messenger. Sent her and Harsith the photos I had on my phone since Mom was too asleep 
    at the time to yell at me about it.

    Watched more YouTube, with chatting with Bhavya in between. Finally finished the 2nd's log close to 8:00PM. Wrote a quiz for the Algo-Trading
    workshop I attended last week.

    Now, I'm back to YouTube and chatting. And this log too, I suppose. I need to go help in the kitchen in a second though.

Sun Mar  3 21:00:14 IST 2024
    Timestamp.

Mon Mar  4 00:57:48 IST 2024
    Okay, it's very late, and I need to get to sleep. So I'll make it quick.

    I did some chores in the kitchen and then came back to watch some YouTube videos. Went back after a little while to dice some onions.

    And then more YouTube. I checked out some video guides on vim motions and tmux configurations and neovim and the like.I looked into making some
    fixes to my config files and whatnot. 

    Got Mom to roast or whatever it is you do to papads. Ate dinner which for today consisted of vankaya pulusu and dal while watching a Primeagen
    reaction video about cloud computing. Cleaned up my plate and whatnot after finishing dinner.

    I decided to do some work on my CN notes and accepted my fate in regards to the lab session tomorrow. Then I watched some more stuff on YouTube
    and went through some discussions on AH forums.

    This is where the day ends. I haven't written the 1st's log yet and did not do any exercise. I did socialise a bit more though.

Mon Mar  4 01:06:34 IST 2024
    And that's a wrap. 
    
    fin.