Tue Mar  5 00:17:54 IST 2024
    Alright. The 4th was a doozy of a day so let's get started with it.

    You know after having been writing these logs for over 6 months now, I still have no clue of how to write a good intro/start to them. I don't 
    like how I started this one either. But I don't know how else to do it so I'll just leave it as it is and move on.

    Dad had to wake me up today. Not surprised, since I was up quite late the night previous. It was 6:05AM or so when he did. I got out of bed, 
    brushed my teeth, drank some water,  did some morning exercise and then showered.

    For the exercise, I couldn't do too much. Just 1 Suryanamaskar cycle, 10 deep squats and 5 Hindu push ups. I'll try to increase the rep-count 
    for all of those the next morning.

    Dad had roasted buttered bread made for breakfast. I put it in a box to eat on the bus. Packed the lunch he prepped for me too. Took my coffee
    and sat down with the computer to pass some time in the morning catching up to the Software Dev community around 6:40AM.

Tue Mar  5 00:28:19 IST 2024
    Just had to go stuff some cotton in my left ear since it was leaking after I cleaned it out some a little while ago without earbuds.

    I got dressed and ready to head out. Thing is, our street was apparently fully walled off now. Even that small gap in the side of the wall was 
    apparently patched. So I prepared to walk around the whole block.

    Mom and Dad, instead, had me take the old and beat up Alto out and told me to leave it parked by the junction. Which is what I ended up doing
    and will probably become my new routine.

    I got to the bus stop with a lot of time to spare. On the ride to campus, I ate the toast I boxed for breakfast and just enjoyed my soundtracks.

    I'd only remember to charge my phone at like 7:30AM or something so it only had half of the battery charged. So I was frugal with it.

    We had stop to pick up some the passengers of another of our college busses when it broke down. I read a new chapter of a very long running 
    ASOIAF fanfic.

    When we got to campus, it was almost 8:40AM. So I hurried to class. The first period today was supposed to be PSQT but was switched to MPI with
    Shiv Kumar Sir. Coming back after having been absent for the whole of the past week's classes hadn't been too bad. 

    I guess I picked a great time for it, considering all the chaos of the TechFest and whatnot.

    The 2nd period was where the PSQT session with Suryanarayana Sir went. This one was a little bad. I understood very little since the past few 
    classes seemed to have established some pretty important context for the problems we dealt with in this one but still fine.

    The next period was CG with Ravi Kumar Sir. And really it was just a lot diction that I missed, meaning I didn't miss much at all. His class was
    just more of the same.

    The following period of OS with Sravanthi was an 'interesting' class. I paid attention to half of it and dismissed the other half. The half I 
    paid attention to was shell script part which is new and something I want to know to customise and automate stuff on my own environment. The 
    other was just commands and stuff and really, there's better sources of info about those on the Internet.

    There was some worry over our progrss on the lab observations. But Harsith somehow managed to get us some leeway. Don't understand how. The next
    period was just lunch hour.

    During the lunch period I found out that I finally did get the GitHub Student Developer Pack. I then proceeded to realize that the benefits I 
    expected from it did not meet reality.

    I finished my lunch early so instead of doing as I usually do and just passing time on my phone, I went out to try and find Bhavya to talk.

    I called her and we met up at the front gate of the college while she was on her way back from eating lunch at her hostel's mess.

    I walked her back to her dept. block while we talked gossip. It was fun. And I'm gonna do it more often. I was almost late to the next class so
    we parted ways and I got back to my classroom.

    Bharathi Mam was taking attendance for her FLAT class when I got back. I got mine marked present. And then felt at a complete loss as to what 
    the hell was going on with the problems we dealt with in the class. Okay, that was an exaggeration but I did just not understand a pretty 
    crucial part of the process of solving the problems we were discussing.

    She dismissed us around 1:45PM so we were a little late to move up to the lab. Although that did not really matter since I was the first one up
    there and was the one who actually unlocked the lab room.

    So during the lab I got a system with root access but then I got shuffled to a new seat, the computer at which, I could not get root on. Which
    was frustrating and unfortunate.

    I executed both the shell scripts taught in today's class with some debugging, ran some new commands, and researched SSH and how I could use it
    to remotely access my home PC from the lab or anywhere else.

Tue Mar  5 01:06:17 IST 2024
    We finished with the Lab session. On the way to catch the busses, Harsith and I ran into Sharan from 2B who had some videos and photos Harsith
    wanted copies of.

    We also ran into Arya and Hemanth from our class. Arya had apparently won 3rd prize in our dept.'s project expo for a new project of his. An
    Ethereum Wallet that he built in Andriod studio. We took the piss out of him for a while.

    I'd also ran into Abhishek and we chatted for a minute.

    I parted ways with Harsith to each find our busses in the crowd when I ran into Bhavya again. She introduced me to her actual older sister Indhu
    who was a 3rd year in ECE. We chatted along for a while.

    I told her to stay put and that I'd be back after finding my bus and stowing my bag there but she was gone by the time I did. I'm gonna give her
    so much flak for this.

    On the ride home, I played some chess, checked for updates on the stuff on my watchlist, no dice there, and vibed to my playlist. 

    I got off the bus and walked to main junction where I'd left the car parked this morning. It was right where I left it. I'm certain that 
    boosted my confidence a little. I got in and drove to the other side of the road and parked it again by the gate of hospital Dad works at.

    I walked to his room to use the restroom and walked over to the nearby Sai Ram Parlour to get some food since Mom was apparently out and there
    was nothing to eat at home.

    I ate a serving of puri and one of upma. Cost me 121/- but I think it was worth it. Not gonna make a habit of it though.

    I got back to the car and drove home. Dad was waiting for me so that he could put the lock on the door after I get in and go back out to pick up
    Mom from Vaisakhi Skypark. Per Mom's instructions. 

Tue Mar  5 01:20:02 IST 2024    
    I unpacked and undressed and then hit the shower. I did not give into any temptations. Not today. 

    I put oil on my hair, cleaned my comb, used my nails to get rid of my nails, that sort of hygiene stuff. I never did find anything in the house
    with enough container volume to take in my entire foot.

    I set up the WhatsApp desktop app. Watched a bunch of YouTube videos. Checked out some Instagram posts. Looked more into SSHing into my PC.

    Mom came home around 8:50PM and screamed at to fold the clothes on the drying ropes. I did.
    
    I lied down for a minute, afterwards. The heat and humidity were getting to me and I just couldn't get myself up from the bed until it was 
    10:30PM. 

    At Mom's prompting again, I hung fresh laundry up to dry and ate hot-hot upma for dinner.

    I was feeling nostalgic. Had the urge to find out what happend to those Sonic games I used to play when I was younger that ran on the Adobe 
    Flash Player. I did. 
    
    Let's say I have another pass-time for tomorrow.

    No proper workout or progress on the mountain of things I have on my to-do list for today. *sigh*. I still haven't written the log for the 1st.
    FML.

Tue Mar  5 01:31:25 IST 2024
    It's very late and I should go to sleep.

    fin.