Tue Mar  5 22:44:14 IST 2024
	Whooo! Go vim. I'm writing this log in vim, instead of the VSCode editor. 

Tue Mar  5 23:16:08 IST 2024
	I spent most of this evening configuring vim. And learning how to use the configurations and stuff that I already had and made a bunch of
	improvements.

	I'm not gonna be able to make this IDE anytime soon. But I'm learning a lot. So that's a plus. Also, just plain cool.

	As for the rest of the day, well, here we go with that.

	I was not surprised that Dad had to wake me up at almost 6:15AM. Neither by how I drowsy I felt waking up. Staying awake until almost 2AM will
	will have that effect. Hindsight is 20/20 like that.

	So I got out of the bed with a spinning head. Brushed my teeth, and drank some water. I hit the shower right away. Finished quickly with the
	business. Dried off, got dressed, drank my coffee, diced the eggs Dad boiled for breakfast today and stuffed in a box with buttered-bread toast
	to eat on the bus ride.

	Packed it all up and got out of the house by 7:05AM. I'd skipped morning exercise today. Hit the tree, while pulling the old Alto out of park.

	Left it parked where I did yesterday. And walked to my bus stop.

	On the bus ride, I spent a good half of it choking down the breakfast I packed myself. Unsalted eggs and buttered-toast was not a good combo.
	At all.
	
Tue Mar  5 23:29:46 IST 2024
	The textwidth setting was being really annoying. Anyway, I'll come back	and finish this after I have dinner.

Wed Mar  6 00:38:54 IST 2024
	Alright dinner finished and time is very late. So, let's hurry. Also, vim is hard. And annoying.

	After somehow finishing that horrible combo breakfast, I played some chess, went through some forums, and scrolled Instagram a little.

	I met up with Harsith on the walk to our classroom. We made it there with a little bit of time to spare, since our first class started off
	somewhat late today.

	Said 1st class was CN with Gayatri Mam. Who was coughing pretty hard today and had to leave the class a bit early since just couldn't continue.
	The class itself for today was on OSI model and the TCP/IP suite which I had some notes written on that I added to as the lecture progressed.

	The 2nd and 3rd classes were supposed to be a double session of PSQT with Suryanarayan Sir. But, that was not what happend.

	The 2nd hour ended up being CG with Ravi Kumar Sir. He came in to class in a bad enough mood that he actually flipped a table. Literally. The
	Lecture itself was more of the same of his stupid diction with grammar that was murder on my English sense.

	The 3rd and 4th periods ended being taken up by Bharathi Mam for her FLAT class. We dealt with more problems and a new concept in NFA's with
	Epsilon moves and problems on them. She also handed out our certificates for the AWS workshop from way back when.

	Lunch period was interesting. I was finished with it pretty quick. Though Deepak came to ask me about his attendance and how low it was
	getting. See he was in the Flash Mob, so he missed out on a lot of classes. Our conversation ended with him asking for me to leave the matter
	of attendance to Nikitha, my co-CR, in whom he trusted more to provision him. I agreed since I really had no qualms with that. 

	I went to meet Bharathi Mam again to ask about the daily attendance sheets. Srinu tagged along to ask for his AWS certificate. I got the
	sheets, but Srinu did not manage to get his certificate.

	I wanted to go meet Bhavya but the time was up and I decided to just stay for the session of the day which was CRT with Lokeswari Mam. I went
	to her cabin to ask where the lab session would be held. Got the wrong one the first time. Double-checked it and got the right one.

	The system I sat down with today, I managed to get root access on. Which did not matter, since I really was not gonna be able to port all of
	my configs. Some of them are very fragile and I did not want to see what I would break in the college's computers. Those are pretty fragile
	too, considering that update and upgrade took over 2 hours and still did not finish.

	Lokeswari Mam gave us a new Google Classroom to join and a bunch of new problems to solve and shared all the old ones she'd assigned. I got 2
	done. Stil haven't uploaded my solutions.

	Helped Harsith make his application for GitHub Student Dev Pack. Recieved our certificates for the 2nd Semester of Yr-1. Had to go down go give
	Sravanthi Mam the attendace for the 28th. Most of that was Nikitha though. I also passed of the attendance sheet I retrieved to her.

	We left to catch the busses home since it was almost 4:00PM. We chatted idly. I called Bhavya a few times but she didn't connect. So I left
	that alone.

	Talked with a couple of friends from B section about how their classes were proceeding and matters like that. 

	On the bus ride home, I read the chapter of High Tide, played some chess, and scrolled some Insta. Continued to make progress on the
	organization of my saved posts.
	
Wed Mar  6 01:08:17 IST 2024
	After getting off the bus, I walked to where I parked the car in the morning. A business owner politely asked me to not park there since it was
	hurting their business. I agreed because, yeah I didn't like the spot either.

	Drove back home. Called Mom to confirm she was home and that there was something to eat, since I was in no mood to eat out. Called Bhavya a few
	times again to no avail.

	When I was driving through the back alley of the colony on the way home, I almost became the culprit of Vehicular Animalslaugter. This dog kept
	getting in the way of the car. I did not enjoy the experience.
	
	Got home, undresssed, unpacked, and went straight to the shower after drinking some water. Another day of being clean by the way.
	
	I made myself some coffee and made Mom her bourn vita.

	The rest evening... I could have spent it doing better things. But I ended up going in circles around vim configs. At least I got
	autocomplete and stuff working for Rust source code. Some of the other	plugins, not so much. I also fixed my bash prompt.

Wed Mar  6 01:15:49 IST 2024
	Most of the rest of the evening I spent on YouTube. Texted Bhavya, but got no reply. Played some Sonic stuff that I looked into yesterday
	night. Diced some vegetables in the kitchen. Started on the log. Took a break for dinner. And now here we are.

	It's actually great to be writing this in vim by the way.

	And that's... it. No exercise, no college work or coding work. Also going to bed so very late. I am feeling very sleepy and tired right now so
	this is where I'm signing off.

Wed Mar  6 01:20:08 IST 2024
	fin.
