Wed Mar  6 19:39:28 IST 2024
	So today turned into a pretty wasted day. I'll explain in a sec.

	I got out of bed very late again today at 6:20AM. I actually woke up at 5:45AM but just couldn't get myself up. Dad had to call me out twice to
	get me up. I quickly brushed my teeth, drank some water and had a shower. 

	Dad had boiled 2 eggs and heated up the toast he made last night. I ate one of the eggs, put one in the freezer to eat in the evening since I
	won't be able to finish since it was so late, and had the toast boxed to eat on the bus.

	I packed and readied everything. Crossed over and dressed in yesterday's uniform clothes which I picked out of the used clothes pile, grabbed
	the keys to the old car and got out.

	I left the car parked by the DRM office today and then walked over to the bus stop. The ride to campus went on as usual, though we had to stop
	a couple times near the stops since some people were late catching the bus. The driver passing by Ujwal from the main road was pretty funny.

	I spent the ride today playing some chess, eating the boxed toast, reading the new chapter of an awesome ASOIAF fic, and reading newsletters,
	news articles and reddit threads. I realized the MS Office Suite has no options for Linux. None. Just damn it all.

	Also we were quite late getting to campus. It was almost 8:50AM.

	Now, about why I said today was a waste...

	So yesterday, during the CRT session, a Senior came to announce a workshop the next day.

Wed Mar  6 20:20:38 IST 2024
	Okay, so I finally set the textwidth to work properly in my .vimrc. Which is where I was for the past while.
	
	Moving on. Where was I? 

	Yeah, workshop. It was going to be on Competitive Programming. Harsith and I signed up for it that afternoon since we were both interested in
	the topic.

	So this morning, I attended the workshop session, instead of classes, in the ECE building. They didn't start until almost 9:30AM. And most of
	what they talked about, I already knew. Heck, some of the stuff they showed us I could do better on my WSL environment. 

	I did learn of some new problems and algorithms though. Nothing I wouldn't have stumbled onto on my own as I continued with LeetCode but it was
	something at least.

Wed Mar  6 23:52:58 IST 2024
	Yeah, so the day was mostly a waste. Our group had lunch back in our classroom. I joined the workshop session in the afternoon again to see if
	any of it would be useful but it really wasn't.

	I mostly just talked about technical stuff with my friends. Vamsi, one of the lateral entry students in our class, showed me some cool
	linux-on-mobile stuff. I installed WSL on Srinu's laptop though he wouldn't let me show him some of the features. 

	The rest of the session we spent talking about coding and taking the piss out of each other.

	Also, the Internet down there was so annoying. I ran out of data on my call plan so I couldn't use that either. It was so frustrating.

	Nothing much else to say there. Around 3:50PM the session fully concluded and we left the place to catch the busses. I talked to Karthikeya
	from B section a little when I ran into him.

	Also Bhavya finally answered my call today. She didn't sound too well so I didn't give her any flak for that. She didn't come to college today
	apparently. When I enquired as to why, and why she sounded so depressed, she launched into a stroy of how one of her close friends proposed to
	a boy and then got stood up by him after he invited her to talk.

	That was not the full story there. The call cut of there due to a poor connection on my end. I'll find out more tomorrow.

Thu Mar  7 00:05:42 IST 2024
	Our bus started off late. I did not use my phone much at all since I was out of mobile data and charge. So I just fell asleep with my liked
	songs playlist on a decent blare.

	After getting off the bus, I walked to the car and drove home. Decided to get it re-fueled tomorrow after I get Mom to wire me some money.

	I got home, unpacked and undressed. Got Mom to let me clean my phone and bring it in inside. Showered. Did not give in to my base urges.

	I set the milk to boil and heated up the boiled egg I left in freezer in the morning. Cut it, seasoned it some and ate it. Browsed some threads
	on AH. Made myself a shot of coffee and Mom a glass a bourn vita.

	Read the updates that came out for a couple of fics. Did the beginner level coding contest on CodeChef until 10:00PM. Watched some YouTube
	videos. Scrolled Instagram on my phone for a while.

	Ate dinner, that I did not help with in any capacity today, whilst watching a Primeagen reaction video. More YouTube. Played some of those old
	Sonic flash games. Solved a couple chess puzzles. Read some more stuff on AH.

	And then I got on to finish this log. Which it now is. And now I'm gonna go to sleep. 

	I need to finish up earlier damn it. And do more productive and healthy things. Like finish the log for the 1st start on projects or workout 
	daily or dance or learn the guitar like I've wanted to for years now.

Thu Mar  7 00:19:17 IST 2024
	Anyway, that's it. Goodnight and fin.
