
Tue Jan  2 23:47:29 IST 2024
    Alright, so I almost decided to skip out on this, but decided that that would start
    a terrible cycle like the one leading up to the New Year.
   
    So here I am, writing about my day.
   
    I woke up at 6:05 AM, went through the morning rituals, showered(cold),
    ate breakfast, did not exercise and left to catch the bus.
   
    The college working day, first in the Year, remains as depressingly
    tiring as usual.
   
    Morning Classes included DMS first thing in the morning, followed by Java which was 
    somewhat of a breather at least, since the Syllabus for it is done. There was only somewhat
    assigned reading.

    Then the CO class was heavy on my brain but went off without a hitch, which was followed by 
    a DS class where Lokeswari crushed all my hopes for an easy Internal Lab exam.

    I had to go to the cafeteria for lunch, since we ran out of salt for anything in the morning.
    I cleaned up a Veg Uttar Thali in record time and was first to get to the classroom for 
    the afternoon DTPI Session.

    Half of the Session I spent writing my Java Assignment. I finished it, turned it in when I 
    went to the campus store to get some materials.

    Here's the kicker, some the Assignments, Mam got handed in weren't stapled together so 
    she sent them back. Mine, that I did staple, was among them. I felt intense rage.

    But I swallowed it, and just had everything stapled and sent to Mam again. Then I continued
    working on the stuff for the DTPI class. Project and Activity sheets or whatever.

    Made some lively conversation in the bus with Bhaskar. A good technical discussion. He asked
    me the favor of helping set something up for his website. I had tell him it would take a while
    cause I had DS Lab Internal test.

    Did promise to set his website host-server up for him. Got me back into AWS. Which I finished before
    dinner at home.

    I also noticed my mucous, when I blow out my nostril to clear it, coming out bloody. So, there's that 
    to worry about.

    Praneeth is out and about with his friends as usual, so I continue to have the room to myself. It's as though
    he's not around at all. Makes me wonder why came over in the first place.

    Bit of an exaggeration that last part, but considering how much his latest outing tonight stressed Mom
    out is entirely deserved satire. I mean, come on, midnight birthday party followed by impromptu trip to Aruku?
    in the middle of night? Senseless that lot.

    Anyway, I've tarried around in this for long. I am so fucking tired. So yeah, I'm signing off. 

    Good Night. 