Thu Jan  4 21:26:32 IST 2024
    Good evening me! Since that is when I got to writing this.
    I just finished writing yesterday's log. So let's get to today's.

    I woke up at 6:00AM proper today. Went through my morning routine, Dad asked 
    for some help cutting some ingredients up. I was taking too long so he kicked me
    out take my shower.

    My dump this morning was as bad as last night. So I took some medicine for it this 
    time. I started on yesterday's log while eating my breakfast of boiled eggs.

    Also Mom woke up when I asked Dad for the drugs. Anyway, I got to my bus stop on time
    even though I got out a little late.

    On the bus ride, I caught some updates and slept through it to my music.

    We finished DMS syllabus today in the first period, then the same was done for DC on 
    the second period, and then repeated with DSAC in a double hour. 
    
    We also did some revision on the two Units and how to present their contents during 
    examination. With which, our Year-2, Sem-1 syllabus is finished.

    I played some chess while eating my lunch, won two games, and enjoyed the paneer curry
    though I definitely lamented the lack of bell pepper in it.

    After Lunch, Lokeswari Mam minded the class again, but since her syllabus was finished
    she gave us prep time for tomorrows Java Internal Lab exam while she did her class teacher 
    work. Which involved collecting remarks from her mentee students regarding their learning
    experiences. She also informed us a CRC meeting to be held tomorrow.
    
    Then we wrote a quick test for DC with Marlin Mam as invigilator. She expressed
    great disappointment in our behaviour after Year-1 and that she would not teach us 
    again in any following Semesters considering the remarks of the rest of the faculty.

    I really couldn't refute any of her claims there. None of us could really. So I just finished
    up my test and left.

    Harsith and I went to the library so that he could check out a textbook for CO. Raja and 
    Veerandra were there for the same. 

    The two checked their books out and left for their hostel rooms. Harsith and I stayed, me to 
    write my observation and Harsith to lay out his prep plans. We discussed many things about our 
    academics and future opportunities and stuff like that.

Thu Jan  4 22:57:03 IST 2024
    We left to get bite at the cafeteria at like 3:40PM. Met Abhishek there. Chatted a bit. And left 
    for the busses.   

    I played another two winning chess games on the bus and the napped through the rest of the ride.

    The door was locked today so I got in with my key. But Mom and Praneeth were both home suprisingly
    enough. I Showered first, and got on the computer. 

    Read some Tokyo Ghoul. I've been revisiting the series and quite enjoyed its Manga. Procratinated
    on writing my observation and preparing for the Lab exam.

    Helped a classmate in trying resolve a code issue. I think he got it. Had a pretty quick and early 
    dinner, browsed through some recommend github repositories and found some new utility functions.

    Now, I'm going to finish up my observation and go to sleep. Praying to God that I don't bomb this
    exam same as did the other one.    

    Turns out that I'm going to be spending about an hour trying to get a Swing Application to run
    on my system and show me a window. I failed.

Fri Jan  5 00:53:00 IST 2024
    I'm going to sleep.