Sat Jan  6 17:07:28 IST 2024
    Today, went better than expected all things considered.

    I got myself up and out of bed at 6:00AM as usual. I really can't get myself
    off the bed before that with how cold the winter mornings are these days.

    I went straight into the shower today, cause Nature called very strongly today.

    'Then' I went about my morning routine. No eggs today because Saturday. There 
    was, in its place butter-roasted bread! Which I haven't had in a while.

    I ate my unusual breakfirst to the new episode of My Demon which I couldn't 
    finish last night.

    I won another game of chess on the bus and then I fell asleep.

Sun Jan  7 20:30:19 IST 2024
    I should have finished this yesterday. But I didn't so here we are.

    The DTPI Internal Lab exam was... something, our group got through it unscathed.
    We'd spent the morning finishing the Activity Sheets only for the faculty to tell
    us we were missing some.

    Our Project is a very big work-in-progress. And we presented it not so well at al 
    to Sir.

    But honestly, the entire debacle should have happend after the Mid-2. Whatever.

    I got on the Saturday-afternoon bus home. Vamsi chose the same one as me, cause he
    was getting off at the same place.

    Also, I got to mention that Harsith was being a real drag today.

    Anyway, I spent most of the bus ride eating my lunch, had to leave some cause it was
    too much to eat in one sitting for me. For the rest, I took a short nap.
    
    I had to go to Dad's office when I got off the bus cause Mom still hadn't finished her
    housekeeping stuff. So Dad and I spent an hour or so going around grocery shopping and
    running errands.

    Well, Dad did. I sat in the car and scrolled instagram or played chess.

    By the the time I freshened up and could relax at home, it was 3:50PM. So I check for fic
    updates, filled in an online faculty feedback form, browsed YouTube shorts and did some 
    programming stuff.

    Checked my Learner's License Application. I think I will have to go to the RTO office to
    get it done. Then I went to YT shorts and reading the manwha.

    Took a nap-break at 5:30PM, got up to check if Lokeswari Mam uploaded her Quiz, went back 
    to napping when I saw she didn't and woke back up at 8PM.

    The Quiz still wasn't up so I went back to the manwha and checking other stuff out in the 
    meanwhile. Did some work on the AWS cloud server I had running for a friend too.

    A while later, the quiz finally went up and answered it best I could whilst being chewed 
    out by Mom for not helping with the chores lately. 

    Finished the manwha, watched more YT shorts ate a not very memorable dinner and went to 
    sleep at, like, 12:20AM or something like that.

    But with that, this log is done. Au revoir. 