Tue Jan  9 00:16:30 IST 2024
    Alrighty, this is way later than it was supposed to be but better late
    than never.

    So I slept in, on that day, cause it's Sunday yeah. So I woke up at like
    7:00AM or something like that.

    I brush my teeth and then I need to go to the toilet but Dad went in for 
    a shower, so I had to hold it in for like 20 mins.

    I finally got to shower, after which Mom got up to do her own morning things.

    I hydrated and ate my two spoons of honey, and then sat down to work on an 
    idea I've been thinking about for a couple days. A change to how I solved the 
    CS50 week 5 Problem Set, Speller.

    I ultimately concluded that it didn't work and would require a more complete 
    overhaul than I was in the mood for.

    Then I moved on to working on the DS assignment that was just handed out.

    Mom planned a trip to Srikakulam for some kind of Darshan, and I flatly refused 
    to go with her. I had no intentions of capitulating to these demands, being
    miserable and making her miserable and then being reprimanded for as much and 
    being even more miserable for it.

    Would definitely end up being the right choice. Just Praneeth seemed to have caused
    her no end of annoyance and stress by himself.

    So they left at around 10:30AM. I done up to a point with my assignment and took a 
    break that I knew would turn very long.

    I spent 4 hours on visual stimuli and two bouts of physical stimuli, so the clean
    streak is dead. 

    Anyway, I heated some stuff up for lunch, ate while watching that movie I've been 
    meaning to watch for a while now. Before Sunrise. It was really good movie. The best
    romance movie I've had the pleasure of watching.

    Which I think is because that no romance movie has made me feel so alone. Like, most 
    of the movie is just conversations between the two main characters. 
    
    But it was so charming and real and many other adjectives but it's pointless to write 
    all that. Just, it is movie that is going to stay with me for a long time. Especially 
    since it's part of a trilogy.

    I spent the rest of the day with YouTube shorts and on assignments. I did help my friends
    with hosting their website on an AWS server.

    Mom came back home at around 6:30 or something, I don't remember exactly. But she was very
    grumpy and annoyed. Dad came in a little bit later, freshened up, had dinner, and left for 
    a night duty.

    I had an unfulfilling dinner and went to sleep early at 11:50PM. I think I left those friends
    I was helping out hanging but I did tell them how long I was going to stay up so it's not
    my fault.

    Anyway that's it. I'm finishing this at... Tue Jan  9 00:39:44 IST 2024. That's it, now 
    Good Night!