Tue Jan  9 23:53:13 IST 2024
    Today was interesting. I woke up at 6:00AM sharp. Brushed my teeth while
    Dad showered. He woke up a bit earlier.

    I went in immediately after he came. 'Course I ate my honey and hydrated.

    I took my sweet time in the shower 'cause winter is a bitch. It was actually
    6:35AM by the time I got, so I had very little time to finish breakfast.

    So I drowned my boiled eggs in salt, and washed it down with milk. I was 
    almost late going out to catch the bus. I got there on time though.

    I spent the bus ride browsing Insta and some Github repositories and other
    forum articles.

    The Mid exams start from this afternoon onwards but we got the morning off  
    from classwork. Attendance was still counted of course, but we were allowed 
    to just study for the first exam the whole morning.

    I only spent half the time studying and rest fooling around with the boys and 
    reading a fic update.

    Lunch was a quick affair since my packed lunch was just Bottlegourd curry. Dad
    is a gift and I should appreciate him more.

    The exam I wrote well enough. It was an easy paper, and I was lucky that it had
    enough of the stuff I knew on it. 

    I stuck around in our classroom with Harsith cause he was writing an assignment.

    We got out of there in a bit. Went off to the front store to buy some snacks. 
    Put of retrieving a book from a teacher.

    On the bus, I spent reading another fic update then starting and subsequently 
    dropping a new fic.

    When I got home and saw the door was locked, I remembered that Mom was out of town.
    So I got in, left my bag inside, let Praneeth get out first to go for his gym, and 
    took out the car to eat out myself.

    Dad had his own key, since he would've been the one to lock it. But I called to let
    him know anyways.

    So I took out the car, parked near the hospital, walked to the Sai Ram Parlour, ate
    a Paneer Ravva Dosa and had a pot of tea and then drove back home.

    By the time I showered and cleaned up it was 7:30PM or something like that. I helped
    out some in the kitchen first.

    Then I sat down to watch a video I found on Generating Functions by 3Blue1Brown and 
    finished Before Sunset. The sequel movie to Before Sunrise. Loved it. I would not have
    been able to stand waiting years for its sequel.

    As such I feel very fortunate that I don't have to.

    That aside, I haven't done any studying for the two exams I have tomorrow. Like I tried a 
    little and I got annoyed so quickly I gave up. I guess I'm just going to wing it tomorrow.

    I had dinner while watching an old Hindi movie and a bunch of YT shorts. And then here I 
    am writing this log. Mom even came home while I was working on it. Praneeth came back, like, 
    an hour ago.

    Anyway that's it for today. I'm going to bed. Wed Jan 10 00:24:21 IST 2024