Fri Jan 12 06:30:34 IST 2024
    Good morning, Me! And it is indeed a good morning, since I woke early and
    had comfortable sleep and return to consciousness.

    It's just surprising to be waking up this morning since I have no memory of
    falling asleep to go to the next day.

    I just laid down last night at around 10:00PM and woke up at 5:30AM. I didn't 
    actually get out of bed until 6 anyway.

    I've showered now, and am eating breakfast which is yesterday's leftover Upma
    cause we have no eggs in the house. 

    I still have to write yesterday's log and finish the one from the day before.
    So I'll get on that.

Fri Jan 12 19:27:20 IST 2024
    I did not get on it, as it turns out. Time was up. I had to get out to catch 
    my bus.

    On the bus ride, I watched some reels, surfed the forums, checked for fic 
    updates, and slept to great music.

    The bus was pretty late getting to the campus this morning. We got there at 
    almost 9:00AM, when usually it's 8:25AM.

    It wasn't a worry today, since today's morning exam was for DTPI, which was only 
    for an hour and started at 9:30AM.

Fri Jan 12 22:19:03 IST 2024
    Where was I? Oh yeah, wrote some BS for the exam. Whatever. Proceeded to have an 
    early lunch, which did not have any salt by the way. Didn't finish that.

    Have I mentioned that my first upon seeing the question paper

    Then I prepared for the Java exam by helping a couple of my friends prepare for it.

    Wrote the exam itself decently well. Stayed behind with the whole class to recieve
    and sign up the DS answer scripts. Mine was already done, so I just helped Lokeswari
    Mam manage the answer scripts.

    I proceeded to find out that my marks for Mid-1 are considered 0 for the sessionals.

    That was fun to find out. Harsith had a cat fight with Raja about a Textbook they both
    wanted for preparing for DS Sem-End exams.

    Shreya definitely has a boyfriend. I'm definitely lucky she isn't in my class or I would
    have given my crush away for sure by now.

    The busses started at 5:00PM today as well in light of cultural events on the occasion 
    of Sankranti. So Harsith, Srinu and I had some food together outside the campus.

    We left a lot of our food behind so that Harsith and I could catch our busses. Srinu 
    managed it though. Gotta make sure to make it up to him.

    I played a blitz game on the bus, won. Decided I was gonna nap the rest of the way.

    Came home to a locked door, and an empty house. Got in with my key, quick showered, burned
    some milk and then Dad came home.

    I made myself some coffee, finally an evening shot. Watched the new episode of My Demon, and
    then sat through the rest Ae Dil He Mushkil. Respect the open ending, but disliked its 
    vagueness on principle. I'm a romantic okay.

Sat Jan 13 01:04:43 IST 2024
    Anyway, I spent the rest of the night on YouTube shorts and rewatches of some scenes from
    Netflix shows.

    I'm falling into old patterns of not finishing logs I'm behind on. So I'll try to catch up as
    much as I can now, before going to sleep.

    Alright I'm going to sleep. Sat Jan 13 01:18:36 IST 2024