Tue Jan 16 23:36:03 IST 2024
    Today was a lot.

    I woke up around 7:30AM-ish, don't remember exactly. Freshened up by 8:00AM and 
    did some pooja stuff which was thankfully done with pretty quickly.

    I wasted some time on YouTube shorts and videos. Then, I decided I would figure out how 
    to run a Flask application and host it on a AWS Ubuntu server.

    Didn't quite make it work but I was getting there. It was time to actually dress up and 
    get going.

    Oh yeah, we were going to Srikakulum to lunch and hang out with our family over there.

    Praneeth drove very aggresively and quickly, so we got there in record time.

    We arrived at Krishna Mavaya's House, went through the greetings, and stayed to talk some,
    and then we went over to Raghu Baava's house, which has Wi-Fi, so Praneeth could get his 
    urgent work done.

    We went back for lunch, chatted for some more, and then took off at like 5:00PM-something 
    to this Masjid that was an hour or so away. Aishuu, her mother and Jyothi-Akka leading us in 
    their car.

    Stopped for some snacks on the way, came back to Krishna Mavaya's house, socialised some more,
    did a photoshoot and finally started back home around 9:00PM. Dad was driving, so that, again,
    Praneeth could get his pending office work finished. 
    
    I slept thorugh the whole ride back with my music on. Some real bangers played on though.

    Coming home was not very... hmm how should I say this? as relieving/relaxing as one might
    expect. Mom was cranky and demanding. Some of her orders ridiculous, which when not capitulated
    made her blow her top. Overall, a bit stressful. 
    
    Shower thought I had just earlier; Praneeth and I call Ramu and Raghu Uncle's Baava,
    but they are the same as Satish Annaya. That is, Mom's older siblings children. 
    
    So technically, they should Ramuu and Raghu Annaya, which is weird since Raghu uncle's
    children, Aditya and Aishuu are so close in age to me.

Wed Jan 17 00:21:07 IST 2024
    Anyway, I'm just watching a technical video now. It's pretty late right now, so I don't feel like 
    attempting to be at all productive. I'm heading out to bed. Praneeth wants this laptop, since his 
    iPad ran out of charge.

Wed Jan 17 08:24:35 IST 2024
    Turns out, heading to bed was not going to be as simple an affair as I thought it to be.

    I'd gone into the kitchen to get some water where Mom was working whilst still grumbling about how 
    I didn't that stupid chore she set up while half-naked. 
    
    I started an arguement about it. She pulled Dad into it, as she always pulls everyone into it, 
    completely unneccessarily. And Dad finally snapped and threatened violence for the sake of his peace
    quiet. I had to break that fight up.

    You know, more than any of the reprimands Mom threw at me this evening, the one that hurt the most was
    when she said, "It's all your fault.", in reference to the fight with Dad. And the fact is, is that it 
    was true.

    fin.