Wed Jan 17 23:37:09 IST 2024
    Okay today went well, I think. I woke up pretty early, around 7:00AM and freshened 
    up straight away. Woke Mom and Dad once, they didn't really get up.

    Considering the happenings of last night, I decided that they should sleep it off 
    some more and didn't wake them up again until 8:30AM.

    In the meanwhile, I made myself some coffee, watched some YouTube and other stuff for
    a bit, and then attempted to put a Flask Application on the AWS instance again.

    The folks were a bit frantic when they woke up. Mom kinda made me coffee again, which 
    I saved for the evening. Dad left for work. I stood watch and ate some Puri's for 
    breakfast. Helped around with some other chores.

    At around 11:00AM, I gave up trying web-hosting a Flask App with AWS as a lost cause.
    Stupid paths not working and the server using old installations, for some reason...?

    Watched a CS50 Short on Python, read some Percy Jackson fanfiction for a while, and then
    helped cook lunch. More like heated up yesterdays leftovers. Ate lunch late.

    Praneeth cleaned up the curries, so I helped Mom cook some fried potatoe curry. He also 
    hasn't showered yet, even now and seems to have decided to skip it for today. To each their 
    own I guess.

    The rest of the day progressed in the same vein. Help with chores, drink my coffee that I 
    saved in the evening, waste time on the Net, watch a drama, play chess, play Hades, help cook, 
    eat dinner, waste time again.

    An interesting thing I did do today though is a bunch of type-racing. I have an average 
    typing speed of 50 Words per minute if I know what I'm typing, 40 otherwise.

    Also, Oshi no Ko and Jujutsu Kaisen released new chapters today. That was quite exciting.
    Still waiting on One Piece though.   

    I've decide that January is a lost cause when it comes to staying clean. I held out on the 14th 
    and 15th, but relapsed on the 16th and 17th again. February is the only hope.

    I did only five push-ups today. No other exercise though. No studying either. FML.

Wed Jan 17 23:57:17 IST 2024
