Sun Jan 21 07:14:54 IST 2024
    I was late getting into this last night and did not want to get yelled at for staying up
    to write this.

    I'd woken up around 8:30AM-ish, just before Mom and Praneeth were off to Srikakulam and 
    Dad for work. I saw them off and showered and settled in for the day.

    Read a couple of fic updates and then did a LeetCode problem that was also a tutorial
    question for DSAC to help out a friend, Veerandra specifically. He'd asked about his 
    tutorial question.

    Watched some stuff on YouTube, and read another fic update, and I really should not have 
    done this but I spent an hour or two on visual stimuli of the carnal variety.
    
    After, I played some chess and had Hacknet queued to install on the Computer and did a run 
    of Hades while that was going on.

    It took me a while to get situated with the game, Hacknet but after I did? Ohoo, I think I 
    found my new obsession.

    I'd had lunch a little while back, and did not eat anything in the afternoon. Dad came home
    from work around 3:00PM or something like that and finished off the rest of the curry.

    Anyway for half of the evening, I watched more YouTube, read another fic update played a game
    of chess, looked through some forums and the like. I also added some e-books to my drive.
    Been meaning to do that for a while.

    I spent an hour working on the DMS assignment that is overdue, and have no idea how to do the
    one that is due to be submitted before the Sem-exam.

    Anyway I helped Dad cook dinner, watched the season finale of My Demon, was not impressed, same
    with the penultimate episode that I watched sometime in the morning. 
    
    I think I liked it more before the two Main Leads got really together, because then they were 
    always getting into fights of great hilarity. Now it's all fluff or heartbreak. And some much more
    could've been done with the concept! And the way some plot moved forward at the end felt very 
    forced and contrived. Did not live up to the hype in my opinion.

    Anyway, I ate a delicious dinner of well-cooked Dal and Paneer curry. Watched some more YouTube,
    read some other fanfics and got to bed before Dad took the opportunity to bite my head off.

    fin.