Wed Jan 24 00:35:01 IST 2024
    I have to write yesterdays log too, so I'll try to get this done quickly.

    Woke up at 5:35AM precisely, put milk and eggs on the stove. Still no Honey, dammit. I forgot to
    get some in the way home too and did not ask Dad to get any either.

    Saw that I hadn't hung the wet clothes up to dry so I did that quickly. Brushed my teeth and did 
    5 proper push-ups. Dad had woken up in the meantime and got into the shower.

    I went in a little later. Came out pretty quickly. Ate my two eggs for breakfast and  drank my
    coffee while looking up some Open Source Projects.

    Got dressed and prepped and out the door by 7:07AM. Caught the bus. Did some studying for the 
    exam, and took a quick nap.

    Got to campus. My exam hall was in the same block as our Dept. so I went to our usual classroom to 
    do some more preparing for it since they were just a floor of from each other.

    I retrieved my Hall ticket at the... desk, yeah, let's just go with that description. And spent an 
    hour preparing for the exam with my friends.

    The exam itself started at 10:00AM and I think I did pretty well. I'll lose probably 5 marks but 
    that's fine. I was more worried about the sessionals anyway.

    Talked to Lokeswari Mam about my assignment and tutorial stuff. She gave me the option to just submit 
    an online document for the tutorial since I had already handed in the assignment.

    Check my Mid-2 scores for DC and Java and checked out my mistakes with Ratnam Mam. Thought I would stay
    until the evening but I was not in the mood and caught the 1:20PM bus.

    Met Bhavya on the way. The airhead didn't even know that our Departments had different question papers.
    Okay, calling her an airhead is a bit harsh. Especially considering I'm not much better.

    There was bit of comedy with Lokesh missing the bus cause he was near the highway gate to catch an RTC
    bus and didn't tell his brother that.

    Anyway, I ate my lunch on the bus, napped and browsed Instagram. I called Mom on the walk home from the 
    bus stop to confirm if her work will done anytime soon, completely forgetting that she went to Srikakulam.

    I had a spare key to the house which I didn't neet cause Dad was home. He let me in. I got out the stuff I 
    needed from the bag. undressed and showered. I double-whammied myself today. Once in the morning and now 
    in the afternoon shower. I am so weak.

    Dad had gone back out for his afternoon shift by the tine I was finished with my shower. I dried off, found 
    some clothes, watched some YouTube, checked out more Open Source stuff, started a Netflix comedy called 
    'After Life' starring Ricky Gervais. It was awesome actually. It is the epitome of 'I don't give a fuck' put 
    on screen.

    Then, around 4:20PM I went to sleep. When I woke up it was 7:00PM or thereabouts. I got out the milk that 
    Dad brought in the afternoon to heat it up. Brewed some coffee. Watched a couple more episodes of 'After Life'.
    Some more YouTube.

    I subscribed to couple more of TLDR's newsletters, and took a quiz on C that surprised the heck out of me. C is
    as close to the hardware as a high-level language can get without turning into assembly and the quiz was 
    provacative that way. It promoted a 'figure it out yourself instead of relying on assumptions' mindset. It was
    very educational.

    Found out that Mozilla's Firefox browser is Open Sourced but not in Github but instead on Mecurial.

    Praneeth had come home sometime around 9:30PM or something.

    Started work on the document for the DS tutorial. Got up in the middle to help Dad cook dinner. We went with 
    Panner curry and rice alongside all the leftover Dals. Mam came home as we were finishing up.

    I ate dinner that I greatly enjoyed. Finished the document and turned it in. Went back to surfing online content.

    No studying for CO or writing the DMS assignment. Both I have to leave for tomorrow.

    I also have yet to write yesterdays log, as I mentioned above. I'll get as much of it done as possible and go to bed.

Tue Jan 23 19:55:11 UTC 2024    
    fin.