Fri Jan 26 00:13:53 IST 2024
    Today was exciting and depressing. It started it off at 5:50AM, with funny dreams that I forgot by 
    the time I picked up my toothbrush. Dad woke up before and had started heating up a bunch of things.

    Apparently, the milk spoiled, so no decent coffee. So I showered having put eggs on boil for 
    breakfast. I was very hungry this morning so I finished with quite quickly. 

    I caught the bus. Did some more studying for CO in between naps but barely retained anything useful.

    Went to our classroom to study more with Harsith. Retained some useful stuff but forgot it during the 
    exam itself. 

    The exam did not go very well. I wiil just say that. 

    I stayed in the campus until the evening with Haristh and Srinivas and helped them finish their 
    assignments. Ate lunch over there too, though it was what was packed for me in the morning by Dad.
    
    Went over to the library so Harsith could turn in a textboook he borrowed. Srinivas went back to his room.

    We just talked like that for a while until we had to part ways for our respective busses.

    I slept most of the way to home and watched Instagram reels otherwise, solved a chess puzzle too. Walked 
    home to some great beats.

Fri Jan 26 00:34:39 IST 2024
    I'm feeling quite drowsy at the moment so I'm going to try and finish this quickly and head to bed.

    When I got home and got in through the key, I thought Mom wasn't home because of how quiet it was when I 
    opened the front door. 

    There was also a package just between the grill and the door. It was Praneeth's Protein powder order. 

    Mom was very pissed I brought the package inside the house when she wasn't looking. Dileep came up to helo 
    deal with that. She also had me pass him some clothes to deliver to a tailor or something.

    Then I showered. Watched that video on cryptography that I left open this morning. Checked out the Github
    repo of an Open Sourced password-hashing function called Argon2.

    Then Harsith pinged me to join him in Roblox. So I did, installed the game on the PC, and we played a couple 
    rounds of this fun little game in Roblox that I dominated at. I did suffer one loss though. It was fun.

    Mom and Dad had finished cooking dinner so I started with that after calling for a break with Harsith.

    By the time I was finished it was 10:30PM and Haristh thought it was best to just pick it up again tomorrow.

    I watched YouTube for a while and read the new One Piece chapter, can't wait for the next.

    Caught up with Dr. Jordan Peterson again. His battle against the Regulatory Board of Cananda is going exactly 
    as horribly as he predicted it seems and his licensew is doomed. So he's decided to fight for it publicly and 
    is letting the board air out their own stupidity out to the world.

    I love how 'dignifiedly' savage that man is. His insults have such an academic edge to them. Like he's not just 
    insulting you on the surface, but he sees what you are, acknowledges it, finds it immoraly stupid and proceeds 
    to reject it. Like I would not survive a debate with the man with my own dignity intact and I don't personally 
    know anyone who could. I've forgotten what an amazing role model he is.

    Finishing with that, I read my Newsletters. Checked out some more Github repo's, sorted out my WSL.

    Thought about figuring out SSH with an AWS server from my system but I'll do that tomorrow. Cause that is going 
    take a while.

    Went back to YouTube, finally started on this log. Am now finished with it. And will go to bed.

    Also, I haven't done any push-ups foday. Fuck. Guess we calling this a rest day.

Fri Jan 26 00:56:10 IST 2024
    Anyway, fin.


