Sat Jan 27 01:47:29 IST 2024
    It is very late. So let me finish this quick.

    I woke up pretty late at around 10:00AM or something like that. And decided that I did not have anything better to do than
    consuming masculinity stimulating content. I did this for a way too long. At least drank my coffee.

    Eventually, I got off the PC and showered. Continued with the content that deteriorates my psyche. In between I answered 
    a bunch of calls and messages. I say bunch but it was just a few.

    Jagan, our State CM, is holding a rally near our campus so we get tomorrow off. Hence, we have to write our exam on Sunday.
    Yay!! With college Fest coming up, its co-ordinators are reaching out to CR's to get the student body to support it right now.

    Harsith invited me to play Roblox again. So I did that and we played 3 rounds before I left for lunch, for which I was already 
    late, and him to go out somewhere.

    Dad had come home from his morning shift while I was playing. He doing some things in the kitchen when I came in to ready my 
    plate. So I had lunch, Dad left when it was time to get started on his evening shift.

    I watched more stimulating content. Finally got off it and dominated a couple rounds on Roblox by myself. Browsed a bunch of 
    YouTube before and after that. Played some TypeRacer. Played some chess. Checked out a book on the Rust Prog. Lang.

    What else? I built a Minimalist Chat server in C by watching a video of that name. Got stuck on LeetCode problem.

    Oh another that happend is that when I got my dinner, the door came loose. So I went over and set it up again. And it did open
    when Mom and Praneeth came home just as I finished with my Dinner. So Dad was not bothered for it.

    I got the chat server fully working to the minimal specifications laid out, finally. Put in some error handling in it too.

    I forgot to read the newsletters today. I also did help somewhat with cooking dinner. Mistakes were made okay. But Dad was not 
    too upset about it. He was definitely annoyed though. I also took the opportunity to get in 5 push-ups and 5 slanted push-ups.

    That's about everything today. I did not notice how late it is earlier so I'm going to get to bed now.

Sat Jan 27 02:06:31 IST 2024
    fin.