Sun Jan 28 19:58:32 IST 2024
    Today went reasonably well. I woke up at 5:30AM, put milk and eggs on the stove, prepared clothes and towel for 
    shower, brushed my teeth and woke Dad up before going in to the shower.

    I double whammied myself today, once in the morning shower and once in the afternoon. While it was fast, I can
    still comfortably do two, so damn. I need to stop though, really, it's not healthy. Ah, February.

    Made my eggs, ate them while reading some forums and checking for updates. Got dressed and out the door at 7:00AM.
    Good thing too, I would have missed the bus otherwise since it arrived at the stop a bit early.

    Spandana Mam and another professor actually missed it. Most of the people who get on at my stop had to get on from 
    ones further out.

    Anyway, I studied some for Java and slept more on the ride.

    In the campus, I stuck around Harsith's exam hall to study with him until 9:40AM. Was fun, and I got a bunch done.

    The exam itself was not too terrible but it was way too much theory that required very few example programs or if 
    they did, they were very tedious to write. I just gave a minimalist answer to everything.

    Harsith and I walked around and chatted with a couple friends afterwards, and then went to collect his DMS assignment
    book. I climbed 5 floors with to show solidatrity. I should be applauded. 

    We talked a bit on the way to the busses and parted ways when they started up.

    On the ride back home, I ate my lunch, and browsed Instagram, but mostly I just nodded off to my music.

    I had a glass of Pineapple juice on the way home, cause I forgot to fill up my water bottle. There's stalls for those 
    on my way. Mom was a little pissed that I didn't call in saying I was going to be early so she was inconvenienced by 
    having to open the door for me. I maintain that opening the door being such an inconvenience is shameful and very much
    a 'her' problem.

    By the time I showered and got dressed it was like 3:30PM or something. We lost power in the building a little while 
    later so the internet was gone. So I took a nap.

    I woke up again at around 6:30PM or something, not sure, did not check the time but I know I got out of bed at 7:00PM.

Sun Jan 28 21:21:37 IST 2024
    I followed it up with YouTube, surfing forums and checking for updates and a revisit to the Harry Potter fandom of fics.

    I haven't gotten in any exercise yet, and am yet write the log for yesterday. I think I will get on with that.

Sun Jan 28 23:35:10 IST 2024
    Dinner was a lackluster fair. Mom and Dad got into an arguement with an acquaintance, something regarding Dileep. Brother
    joined them once he came home. Somehow the discussion shifted to me and us and Dad not being able to speak English well.

    They just tapered off with it. I still haven't written the log for yesterday. I'm going to start on it now.