Wed Jan 31 01:10:07 IST 2024
    I really should head to sleep but I want to get this done first. Don't want to put it off until tomorrow. Besides
    I slept a bunch in the afternoon and have an off day tomorrow.

    Waking up today at 5:30AM was not fun. Sleep was not full. Dreams were weird. I felt kind of wired the whole night.
    I got up and at'em anyway.

    Put milk and 'an' egg(the only one left) on the stove. Brushed my teeth. Did 5 proper push-ups and 5 slanted ones.
    Woke up Dad and showered cold like I usually do in the mornings. 

    Dad made and packed my lunch, had coffee brewed which I drank gratefully because I was so fucking cold. Read some 
    articles from the newsletter while I ate my one boiled egg. Then I got dressed, packed and out to catch the bus.

    On the way, I took naps to sooth my burning eyes and aching head while trying to do some reading for the DC exam that
    I really should have done a long time ago like in the case for every other exam. *Sighs in self-disappointment*.I think
    I also got a call from a Senior regarding Fest announcement but I could be confusing it for some other time.

    Got to our classroom, studied with some more focus and direction with Harsith, went up to my exam hall early, did more
    last-minute studying. Which included some prep for cheating. Not to much. Had to be very cautious.

    The exam I wrote well-enough. I'd prefer to not think about it and just see the results. It's not going to be great on my
    GPA anyway since I didn't write Mid-1 exam at all. I'm still very salty about that and the trip it was for. 

    dzgsdf43wte fd QLWD';LVSS ,F --- Incomprehensible Rage. Don't mind this.

    Anyway, handed the paper in a little early. Waited around in the block checking the Placement stats for the Dept that were
    put up and taking in payments for the Fest contributions.

    Met up with Harsith when he finished. Went over to the Front store to buy some snacks. Walked to the busses while chatting.

    They started just as we both found where ours were parked some we parted ways there. I ate lunch on the ride. Thought of 
    playing chess but I just napped or kept reading forums or some stuff like that. Instagram and Spotify were also involved.

    Called Mom on the walk home. I learned my lesson after last time. Got home and Showered. Did some technical research like 
    the format of the .git directories and projects made by a YouTuber. 
    
    It got me into finding out about the Jai Programming Language that I'd never heard of before. Par for the course since it's 
    still in a closed beta. Looked really cool though. Learned a little more about Rust and Zig features. I really need to started
    learning Rust man. And C++ after followed by Zig. And JS. And more Python. So much to get into, God help me.

    Praneeth wanted to use my Laptop to show something to Mom so I gave it over and decided I need to take a nap instead powering
    through while nursing a headache and sneeze-fest. 

    I woke up around 7:30PM, Praneeth hadn't come home yet from out doing more work for the house stuff. I brewed myself a hot cup 
    of coffee and downed a Montelakaust tablet with it. Cause the nap didn't help the headache and sneezing as much as I expected.

    Then I watched some more technical CS videos on YouTube, browsed some repositories, played a bit of chess actually and won.

    Worked on another Minimalist C project. Debugged it. Helped out it in the kitchen a bit. Ate dinner. Knocked over my spoon while
    eating today which I am too careful to not let happen usually. Had to clean that up.

    I spent a bunch more time on YouTube videos and Instagram. And hey I learned that Peregrine Falcons can hit a top speed of 240M/hr 
    on a dive so all my fantasy dreams of Night Furies being awesomely fast have some basis in reality. Like, I seriously thought it 
    was impossible to hit that kind of speed on pure biology.

    Anyway that's it for today. I'm going to bed.

Wed Jan 31 01:43:23 IST 2024
    fin.