Wed Jan 31 21:24:48 IST 2024
    I'm doing this early today, as I should make a habit of doing so. I can write just a short update before going to sleep or
    just as I go about it.

    I woke up early today. Like 7:30AM or so. Considering how late to bed I was last night and how drowsy I was the whole day
    I really thought I wouldn't be conscious so early. So I got out of bed right away instead of just snoozing off again cause
    my body would just hurt more.

    Have mentioned how long it has been since I felt truly, physically, comfortable in my own skin? It's been a whhiiile.

    Anyway, so I went through my morning routine of brush teeth, eat honey, drink water, have a pot of coffee. I showered early
    too instead of putting off until the late afternoon like I've been these days.

    Got on YouTube, went through some technical videos, some content from Dr. Peterson, browsed some forums, checked for updates
    on fics and manga I keep eye on. There was one from the Percy Jackson fics I track that I read through and enjoyed immensly.

    Finally, finally got SSH for an AWS server to work. I did not have the right .pem key-pair file on my system.

    Then I checked out Emacs, what LISP is, some research into how I could configure my PC workstation. Cleaned up the PC I'm
    currently using.

    Built another Minimalist C project. An HTTPS server this time that I really did not get to work. I tried to do it on an AWS
    server but it required jumping through a bunch of hoops that were not successful for me.

    Did some more reseach on how to use SSH. It's actually when I figured out how to get it working. Reading AWS user manual would
    have served me well previously instead of asking ChatGPT everything.

    Between doing this Mom called on to help with cooking Lunch. I burnt the Dal a little bit but it actually turned out alright.
    The cabbage curry turned out even better though it had a salt imbalance going on which was not something I think I could help.

    She also trapped in that part of the house while she had the servants mop the way around. Which pissed me off but I pushed it 
    down as I usually do and stayed reasonable. I took the opportunity to do some exercise. Got in 5 good push-ups, a couple Indian
    push-ups that were really something else, whoo!, and 20 tip-toe squats and 5 slanted push-ups too. Also managed another two 
    push-ups after lunch too. Did not stretch though.

    Started on an episode of Dr. Peterson's Podcast with the comedian Matt Rife as the guest of honor. That was a lot of fun and 
    took me straight into the evening to finish.

    Praneeth went out on to the Gym and to do some more stuff on Mom's behest for the house stuff. She made watch the door because
    she can't be bothered to close it properly. I wouldn't close it myself either when it is demanded that I do full shower after.

    Her system for that, or a lack thereof, really pisses me off. So I stood watch, used the opportunity to retreive some books from
    my bag that I forget to bring out. Browsed Instagram for a while and found a new book to add to my Drive.

    Had my evening coffee while doing that too. Got off there when Dad came back. Warmed up his tea and got it to him as well.

    Then I started on the parts of the DMS assignment that I hadn't wrote yet. Finished two Units of it by 8:40PM or so.

    JJK just dropped the new chapter sometime in the evening and it is everything I needed from it but did not know I did. Like,
    holy shit, it's Yuta + Rika and Yuji vs Sukuna in Yuta's Domain Expansion!!! The Domain also gives heavy 'Ichigo's Bankai 
    Training' vibes and I'm loving it!!

    Mom just transferred 10,000/- to my bank account for safe-keeping. I'm the most trusted person in the family when it comes
    to money and I feel conflicted about it. My spending is just non-existent but Mom and Praneeth are impulse spenders, with
    Dad always stuck financing them.

    Now, I have to make a payment on behalf of Mom to the Datta Peettham Trust with her Money. So I'll do that in a sec.

Wed Jan 31 22:14:11 IST 2024
    Haven't finished that donation thing yet cause I am in the middle of writing this log. But I just went surfing through my saved 
    posts on Instagram and I really need to order that mess into their proper collections.

    Also I am now having dinner so that donations thing is put off again.

Wed Jan 31 23:57:34 IST 2024
    I did put if off. Mom forgot about for the moment. The only reason I still remember this donation thing is because I mention it
    here.

    I ate dinner to a Primagen video about the flaws of JavaScript. And holy shit is that language fucking insane.

    I'm watching another of his videos about the long-standing OOP problems. His videos are really fun. You can feel the guy knows his
    stuff and I mean he is a very experienced Web-dev who worked at Netflix so yeah that tracks.

    Forgot to mention this earlier but I realized that I'm pushing executables into the repository from my working codespace. I really
    should not be doing that. So I figured out a .gitignore file for it.

    Anyway I'm going to sleep with a full Unit of assignment and prep for DMS left unfinished. It's late and I have to wake up early
    tomorrow morning.

    Also, as an aside, this log is probably the longest one I've written. It's 77 lines right here. Fitting since this is the last of the
    month of January. I'll do a review of the entire months log tomorrow. And sort out Instagram collections. That's very important to me.

    Alright, I'm done here. Goodnight.

Thu Feb  1 00:04:37 IST 2024
    fin. 
    

