Thu Jan  4 06:44:03 IST 2024 Supposed to be Jan  3
    Alright, I'm writing this post-mortem or whatever because, honestly, yesterday
    sucked. And I mean sucked.

    I did not wake up as early as I wanted to. Had trouble eating my boiled eggs.
    Was almost late because of it.

    I spent the bus ride helping Bhaskar with his DTPI project website and setting 
    up a server for it instead of preparing for my own Internal Lab exam.

    The morning Session was pretty tame. Ratnam(Java) allowed us to prepare for the 
    exam and so did Lokeswari Mam after her. Spandana Mam and Gayatri Mam lectured for
    their classes. Which was not very terrible at all.

    I attacked my lunch and wound it up at 12:40, went up and down twice to get Mam's
    Computer to the Lab and a Projector.

    We started the Internal, and I got the question that was going to be the most 
    bothersome for me. Whereas Harsith got easy shit.

    Another thing is that my stomach acted up in the middle of it. It was so bad that I
    had to a toilet break to execrete. Today, of all days!

    My program kept crashing because of recursive function not assigning memory
    properly cause some logic that was inside a conditional was outside it.

    So I probably failed that part. I did likely score perfectly for viva though.

    The bus ride home was just normal. I continue to sneeze red out of my left nostril,
    which is scary but will hopefully pass. My dump had mucous mixed in and very 
    uncomfortable to drop.

Thu Jan  4 21:25:33 IST 2024
    Filled out an application for renewing my Learner's Driver License and paid for the 
    process. Once that's processed, I'll apply for the full license.

    I watched YouTube shorts for a while. Got into a rom-com manwha. The folks finally got 
    back home. Did I mention that I got in to the house with my key since no one was home.
    Yeah, I had to do that.

    Then I went to work on the Java Observation then ate dinner. I also took down the server
    I set up this morning for Bhaskar's website since he was done with it and would not need 
    it again for while yet.
    
    A little while after dinner,I had to take another dump. This time, it was very fluid, 
    but not too worrying so I did not worry about it.

    Then I worked on the observation some more and then went to sleep.

    Finished with this log. Bye!