Fri Jan  5 23:48:17 IST 2024
    I had the thought yesterday that I am my own worst enemy. I really
    haven't felt it to be so true than in the past few weeks. Although I
    don't remember exactly why right now.

    Anyway, today also sucked. I woke up at 5:30AM this morning, cause I 
    fell asleep at 1:00AM. But then I decided that the world can wait for 
    another half an hour to have me.

    Entirely reasonalbe conclusion to draw, so I actually got out of bed 
    at the usual 6:00AM.

    I did my morning things and immediately went for a shower. I'm taking 
    way too long on those recently.

    Ate both my eggs, washed down some medicine with my coffee and went out 
    into the chilly morning to catch my bus.

    I won a really close game of chess this morning and just slept again.

    For the morning session, we were left alone to prepare for the afternoon
    exam, for the first two classes.

    I got my observation finished and corrected by Mam. And dicussed the tests
    with Veerandra and Rahul.

    The next class was DMS in which sir talked about the Euler Totient function
    and clarified doubts, mentioned topics of priority to study, and reminded us 
    the last assignment and when it is due.

    The CO syllabus still had two topics left, which Gayatri Mam finished in 
    today's class. Then Lokeswari Mam came in and handed out some feedback 
    forms for the general course syllabi.

    Harsith finally showed his face in class, and then we went off to the CRC 
    meeting. It was nothing great, though it lasted long enough that the entire 
    lunch period passed us by.

    For the Java Internal Exam, the systems had an Internet Connection! So I curled
    the source code for my Problem after the write-up.

    The Catch: the system I was on didn't have the JDK installed and I was on a guest
    instance so root access was also impossible to install it.

    When switched instances, I lost the copied code and had the misfortune of having 
    the curl url not working.

    I managed anyway, since there was still an Internet connection. So, overall the Exam
    went well enough.

    I ate my lunch in the bus, and slept through the rest of the journey. I lament the fact 
    that I have the DTPI Internal tomorrow as well. Fuck my life.

    I haven't even filled out my Activity sheets.

    At home, I got in with my spare key. Immediately took a shower, while Prneeth went of
    to hit the gym.

    I surfed my tabs and the rest of the Net for a bit. Sent my friend the instructions 
    and login credentials for AWS server creation and website hosting.

    Then I napped for an hour. Did some transactions for Mom and sent myself 5000/- cause
    my balance was about to drop below the minimum. 
    
    Then I worked on filling out the activity sheets, ate dinner, got to writing this log
    and am now going to sleep.

Sat Jan  6 00:19:40 IST 2024
    Good night me!
     