Mon Jan  8 19:38:36 IST 2024
    Alright, so today was a bit interesting. I haven't written yesterday's log
    yet so I want to finish this one quickly and get on that.

    I woke up and got out of bed at 5:30AM today. Put eggs and milk on the stove,
    washed up, got minimally dressed, was reminded that we still didn't have 
    ground coffee and resigned myself to just the milk and eggs.

    It was difficult to finish the eggs, don't think I put in enough salt, but it
    was fine since Dad was on night-duty and would have to open the front-door and 
    then drop me off anyway.

    I spent most of the ride browsing Insta and some other rabbit holes I found 
    along the way.

    There were no classes and instead a bunch of tests today. All which I bombed.
    I spent a bunch of the evening writing an assignment that I didn't get to submit
    anyway.

    I did have to eat lunch at the cafeteria, since Dad wasn't at home to cook this 
    morning. Harsith whined that he didn't like his lunch so I got him a parcel of
    Fried Chicken and Rice on my way.

    Turned in some of the assignments, regreted choosing to be the class CR, got some
    doubts cleared... and yeah, that's about it for the day at college.

Mon Jan  8 20:00:20 IST 2024
    So we were finished for the day, and on the bus home I lost a game and won game of
    chess and then I just lost myself in the music.

    At home, I got in with my key as I must do these days, handed some things to Dileep
    of which I have no clue about, retrieved my things from my bag and went of to shower.

    Also, the thought occured that I am indeed a hypocritic little bastard. Good that I 
    am aware of that, so I can conciously reign it in.

    I had a bunch of shower thoughts and a project idea that I have yet write down. Ate
    a bunch of Upma while reading a new update on a fic and then sat down to write this 
    log. 

    That's as far as I got today, at Mon Jan  8 20:16:44 IST 2024. I'll write the rest 
    as it happens.


