Sun Jan 14 18:10:40 IST 2024
    I like driving. Not a a very descriptive or explainative way to start the log.

    But that's fine. Today mostly sucks.

    I woke up at 7:00AM but made the mistake of staying on the bed until 8:30AM.

    I've spent the entire rest of the day with a fully uncomfortable torso. It's not
    even pain, but a fundamental discomfort,...

    All the folks just went out right now for doing some shopping and visiting of 
    temples. I stayed home because, at present moment I really was not in the mood for
    doing anything.

    And Praneeth was going so I wouldn't get to drive so there was no point in me going.

    I had to go to the latrine a second time today when I really should not have needed 
    it. Mom and Dad says it's Gastric discomfort or something along those lines but I 
    don't know. Felt more like something to do with the muscles and lungs.

    I spent most of the watching YouTube. I did do some programming too. Think I have a
    solution for both of the Tutorial Questions for DS. They were on LeetCode. So I had 
    free testing for them.

    I'm going through the manga for Hell's Paradise at the moment. Since there are no 
    updates for any of the things I read. Shonen Jump is on break after all.

Sun Jan 14 18:23:48 IST 2024
    Okay I'm quickly going to go work on yesterday's log which I left unfinished. I'll 
    probably come to this before I go to sleep. I will definitely not procrastinate on
    it this time. And I really have to start preparing for my Sem exams.

Sun Jan 14 23:45:06 IST 2024
    The folks came back around 9:30PM or something. Considering how shitty and wound up 
    I felt throughout the day, Mom pestered me strongly about it.

    I spent the whole evening watching YouTube and reding throught the rest of Hell's
    Paradis. That was fun.

    I took some ORS and other stuff on the parents urging, for stomachache and stuff.

    Ate Upma for a light dinner, cause I really can't stuff much down at the moment.

    Still feeling very uncomfortable across the torso. Need to exercise. It was reassuring
    to find out that Praneeth was also not very physically capable when he started Gym and 
    is still not even now.

Mon Jan 15 10:31:03 IST 2024
    I finished Hell's Paradise and went to sleep on the floor-futon with Dad, cause that 
    other bed was not good for me.

    fin.