Thu Feb  1 23:50:10 IST 2024
    Hellooooo, February!!! Alright 1st month of the year is over. Let's talk about the first day of the second month.

    This morning was not so swell. Woke up at 5:40AM mildly disoriented, brushed my teeth, ate honey, hydrated let Dad take 
    a shower fisrt and stayed in the kitchen to make sure nothing got burnt and make myself a dosa for breakfast.

    The dosa did not turn out great. But I downed it just as well cause I was hungry and went to take my shower. I intend 
    to be stay 'clean' this whole month so the count for it starts now. And no, I do not go back on it in the evening.

    Anyway, I got dressed, drank a coffee, looked up the answer to some questions prompted by shower thoughts and packed my
    things and went out to catch the bus. I forgot to wear my belt and hoodie though thankful I was just outside the door
    when I realized as much.

    Anyway, I caught the bus, napped the way to campus mostly with a little bit of studying for DMS here and there. I checked
    my tracked forums and couple of articles on the google homepage out too. *scoff* As if any of that is relevant to me.

    Got to campus, walked to the class, studied some with the boys for the hour that we had before the exam and then went to
    my exam hall.

    Was not happy with how I did on the exam. It was an easy paper. I just wasn't prepared enough. It's the same with every 
    exam with me these days. I know enough to say it could have been a lot worse but well prepared enough to write this even.

    So I handed in my paper as late as I could and got out. Met up with Harsith outside chatting with our group of friends. 
    Went to the canteen to eat lunch. Both of us decided to stay until the evening to write up and turn in our last DMS 
    assignments.
    
    We chatted about things like we always do as we settled with our lunch boxes in the cafeteria. I'm still surprised I talk 
    as much as I do with this guy. I'm very glad I found him as a friend.

    I contemplated my own emotional maturity in regards to romantic feelings considering the girl I'm crushing on and her, most
    likely, boyfriend were quite visible from we seated our ourselves. In the end I concluded that it's all just circular logic
    trying to escape the fact that I'm not brave enough or honest enough about my emotions and feelings to anyone really so it
    is not something I should be concerned with over everything else I have to deal with first.

    Harsith and I found ourselves an empty room on the 3rd floor of Civil Dept. building to sit in and write our assignments.
    It took us an hour and half but both of us got it done and gave it in by 3:40PM and came back out to roam the campus.

    Grabbed some snacks from the campus store, sat down near the ground to watch some of the guys play basketball and started
    towards the busses when they opened the gate. We parted ways there when they finally started the busses.

    On the way home, I finished the new chapter of a fic I'm reading. Played some chess, napped, scrolled Instagram or just zoned
    off listening to music.

    I was quite hungry by the time I got off the bus. So I walked home a bit slow. I know, it doesn't make sense even as I wrote 
    it. I mean, I hadn't even considered eating out so why would I take it slow when I'm hungry? My brain works in mysterious ways.

    So I got home, undressed, showered and what not, the usual. I mentioned that I felt hungry to Mom, so she started cooking some
    Upma, and then in half a daze whisks off to take phone calls, as she does all the time these days, and left it on the stove at
    full flame. Predictably, the Upma over-boiled or wahtever and made a mess and she blames me for it.
    
    I mean, I know I share some responsibility for it since she says that she asked me to stay and watch over it but she really did
    not do a good jov of communicatiing that in the middle of another phone conversation. So I just left her to it and went to work 
    on my stuff in the other room. But come on!

    So I made some modifications to .git file on my personal repository based on the cs50 one. Added a new auto-format setting to it.
    Cleaned it up of all executable files and pushed a commit of that. Hopefully the new .gitignore file will make sure that more don't
    end up in the cloud repo later.

    Tried to remember how I moved a folder between repos the last time for the DSAC internal lab exam. I remember I 'curl'ed stuff 
    from my personal repo, but it was first on the cs50 one so I somehow moved it. I don't think I did it with the terminal.

    Anyway, I proceed to get yelled at by Mom, achieve 8 super-awesome push-ups and 8 slanted push-ups, ate a helping of Upma, finished
    it just in time to join Haristh in playing roblox and getting absolute wrecked by his meta.

    Then I was enlisted in chopping onions which I did the bare minimum of to get out of there. After which I finally started on Rust!

    Took a while to set up and configure a new repo, codespace, its .gitignore stuff, settings and component tools, docs, stuff like that.
    Wrote my first program in it. A "Hello, World!" program. Got acquainted with Rust's build tool. That's about as far as I took it 
    before deciding that it was time for dinner.

    So I ate dinner while watching a podcast with the Primagen being interviewed. Finished dinner and helped with some other chores.

    Read the new chapter of the One Piece manga. And man, really?! Giants? Dorry and Broggy???! Let's GOOOOOOO!! The catch though is that
    One Piece is gonna be on break next week. *Sad Sobs*. Checked out where the anime is situated on its storyline. After which I started
    writing the days log and here I am.

Fri Feb  2 00:43:21 IST 2024
    Damn I'm tired. I started this like an hour ago. I have not done any of the things I said I wanted to do today. YouTube and Instagramsa
    saved collections organizing, January logs review are the main ones. Though there are surely others that I am forgetting. 

    Have I mentioned that I'm tired? I need to go to bed. Writing this stuff is lot more taxing that one would imagin.

    But that's it for today. Adios mu cha cho.
    
Fri Feb  2 00:47:57 IST 2024
    fin.