Fri Feb  2 19:15:58 IST 2024
    Waking up this morning was simply painful. That is not a metaphor, I got woken up at 7:00AM by Mom turning on the 
    lights and shifted into a position that aggravated all of my aches and somehow snoozed off until 8:30AM.

    So I got out of bed, brushed my teeth, ate honey, hydrated, usual stuff but I was aching all over. Mom and Dad were
    about to go out. Mom to Srikakulam to get things ready for the House-Warming celebration. Dad for his morning shift.

    I went into the shower a little before they were off. Did not give into any temptations.

    The temptation to give in and indulge in the horrible addiction of physical and audio/video stimulation was strong.
    But I'm going to have none of that for the whole month.

Fri Feb  2 19:28:48 IST 2024
    I just had to fix the date command. I'm writing this on my PC with WSL instead of on the GitHub codespace like I used 
    to do. More on that next.

    Continuing where I left off, I watched a few YouTube videos and then decided I was going to make some more progress on
    learning Rust. But then I realized that always codespaces is using up my available core hours on GitHubs cloud.

    So I cloned both of personal Repositories onto my local PC, updated WSL and setup Rust in it. I was surprised to find 
    out that WSL Ubuntu 22.04 didn't have gcc and clang. So I installed those, since Rust actually needs those to work. So
    I took a bit to figure out all the hows of that.

    Then I ate brunch of Upma from last night and Dal-Rice with Paneer curry and a Beans curry. I don't know what the Beans
    are called though. I did go through the book a little while doing that, and then switched over to YouTube.

    Watched some more YouTube videos after I finished. Tried to get back at Rust, but I was not feeling it. So I took a nap.
    It was 1:20PM.

    I woke up again at 4:20AM. Took a while to get bearings in the waking realm. Dad had come and gone. Brought in the milk 
    and warmed it up, so I took the opportunity have an early coffee. I'd just woken up after all.

    Watched some more YouTube videos, perused the forums I usually track, did some exercise. It was really hard to do even 5
    proper push-ups today but I got in 6. Did 6 slanted push-ups too. Then 20 tip-toe squats. My legs feel like jello. I added 
    a 1 minute of plank too. Considering adding a repeat of the whole set to the routine I'm building up.

    Praneeth was showering while I was doing this so I didn't feel too self-conscious about it.    

Fri Feb  2 20:00:33 IST 2024
    Just finished a little bit of research for the exercise routine. I found out the squat I thought I was doing is the Baithak
    but I was doing it wrong and that what I was doing is probably wrong or a different thing entirely. Don't trust Instagram.

    Dad came home a while later, but he needed to go out again so he hurried Praneeth up since he wanted to go to the Gym.

    He also made me another shot of coffee since I didn't let him know that I already drank one. So I drank that one too after a 
    little while. My stomach is burning now. My lack of communication with my parents is concerning. 
    
    I need therapy.

    Played some chess during that. Lost two, won two so my rating now is same as when I started. Watched some more YouTube and then
    I started writing this log. I'll update it again as I go.

Sat Feb  3 01:13:14 IST 2024
    I need to go to sleep.

    I read two more updates to fanfics I track. I love the pokemon fic. It's got a lot of things that I could learn and has simply 
    awesome writing.

    Dad came back within like 30mins of when he left and showered and all that. I heated some of the remaining Upma and ate it as a 
    sort of appetizer. I ate dinner a little while later. Browsed through some naruto fics. Didn't like any that I found. 

    Didn't help with any of the cooking today though. 

    I spent the rest of the time until now oscillating between the Rust book and forums about Rust. I found out that the kernel of 
    DarwinOS and Apple's macOS, the XNU kernel, is Open-Sourced. I then found it why it is completely useless. Damn does Apple dislike
    co-operation and Open-Source. The XNU kernel is basically useless to everybody except Apple's in-house devs.

    I made an update to the .gitignore file on this repo and commited it. When I tried to push it to the cloud, I couldn't get it to 
    work. So I did some troubleshooting on that front. 

    I could just do it with the GitHub Desktop app, but I wanted it to work from the command line. So I made some changes and added some
    SSH keys and whatnot. Let's see if it works when I commit this.

    I'll do that and go to sleep since the day is more than over and done with. 

Sat Feb  3 01:24:07 IST 2024
    fin.