Sun Feb  4 00:41:31 IST 2024
    Today was interesting. I did a lot. So this will take a while. Also the date gave right time today with no config.

    I woke up around 7:45AM to the alarm I set up. I didn't get out of bed, though, until 8:30AM or something like that.
    I brushed my teeth, ate honey and drank water, did some morning exercise - I'll list out all of the exercise I did 
    exactly later on - and showered after I drank a shot of coffee that Dad made for me. Thanks, Dad!!

    Have I mentioned that Mom decided to stay in Srikakulam at a relatives house for the night yesterday? Doing it now.
    Dad also left for his morning shift while I was in the shower. I feel like I'm forgetting to mention something. Really
    should be updating the log more frequently.

    I sat down in front of the computer intending to do focused programming work of some kind, either continuing learning
    Rust or whatever else. 

    Instead I let myself get sidetracked by the newsletter, a small web-game I found through them, YouTube, chess, update
    for a favorite ongoing fic and such else.

    When I actually got started on Rust again, it was 11:00AM. I had to figure out how to get push from the WSL CLI to work,
    which I got by the way. 

Sun Feb  4 01:01:53 IST 2024
    Yeah, 'date' still breaks on me. So I had to run the fix for that. I'd just swatted a mosquito and went wash my hands. 
    Then Mom asked me to make her a glass of Bourne Vita, which I did.

    Anyway, back to where I left off. I got git working. Finished the basics of Rust, and started on the Guessing game the 
    book walks me through building.

    I Ate lunch while watching some comedy and then another Primeagen video of him reading an article by a Dev on how he fixed
    GTA Onlines notoriously slow loading times and how he fixed it. The article was very informative and so was his commentary.
    It is very humbling to see what Software Devs are really capable of out in the real-world.

    After that I browsed some forums read another fic update chapter, resisted the temptations of my addiction and revisited the
    Amazing Spider-Man Verse through the fanfics.

    Played a couple games of chess. Then decided to take a nap. Dad had come home from his shift by now and was bustling around 
    the house. Praneeth would head off to the Gym or wandering around as he does whatever with his friends in a half hour. Dad
    would leave for his afternoon shift by then so they left together.

    Wait, actually its Saturday. Did he have an afternoon shift today? Whatever he went out again, and came back around when I 
    woke up.

    I doozed off around 3:30PM and woke up around 5:20PM. Dad had just come home and was unpacking groceries and cleaning out the
    kitchen. I made myself some coffee when he took out and the milk and I warm it up. Washed off the sleep from my mouth with 
    that mouthwash I use bery rarely, did some more exercise with emphasis on proper form. 

    When I got back to the computer, I spent way too long procrastinating from Rust with YouTube and chess. When I finally Finished
    the Guessing game properly it was 8:00PM. I decided that I was done with Rust for the day with that. Also I figured out how to 
    get the rust docs to work on the WSL.

    Helped Dad with cooking dinner, read another fic update, solved a Python problem from Hackerrank and then I settled in for dinner.

    I ate dinner while watching a random ARK video where a guy guerilla warfares a powerful tribe into ruins. That was funny.

    Afterwards, I tried various tricks to sort out Dad's work iPad. Not an Apple one. It's an NRQ something. Chinese. Anyway I managed
    to get it formatted so it went back to factory reset.

    Whilst I was figuring that out, Mom finally came home. I did some configuring for the iPad, had Dad log in to Google on it with his
    credentials and finally had the thing up and running for him.

    Watched some YouTube stuff in between all of that. Restarted my computer to get rid of background processes too.

    I was in the mood to some coding still though but I didn't want to go back to Rust right then, so I took to LeetCode. Picked up a 
    Hard problem, that I realized I already solved for my DS course way back for merge sort algorithms, refactored it for this problem
    and submitted my code after some debugging. Got it done in like 40mins. It was great.

    Then I pushed the days work on Rust to my personal repo for it. And then I started on the days log. Which where I am now.

Sun Feb  4 01:30:33 IST 2024
    That I think is everything. So I'm off to bed. Adios.

    fin.