Mon Feb  5 02:11:08 IST 2024
    Today was kind of boring to be honest.

    I woke up around 8:40AM. Mom was still asleep, Dad was up though.

Mon Feb  5 02:43:24 IST 2024
    Would you look at that?! 'date' is working properly today with no fixing neccessary.

    Anyway, I got up, brushed my teeth, ate honey, drank water, showered, put eggs on boil. Dad got eggs yesterday by
    the way.

    Ate the boiled eggs after showering. I gave in to my urges in the shower today. It was all because of getting too 
    immersed in half-asleep fantasies! I actually released in the middle of the night! I had to clean up! AHHHHHHH!

    So that clean streak lasted all of 3 days. Whatever. I will make the next one last longer starting today again.

    I spent the morning watching YouTube and playing chess. I read more on Rust programming. While doing that, I hit a 
    sit that continuosly 'proc'ed notifications that looked they were from McAffe saying that my browser was infected.

    It took me an hour to figure out that it was just the website spamming notifications and not my PC being actually
    infected by a virus. I removed the site from the browsers 'allow notifications' list and that was that.

Mon Feb  5 02:53:42 IST 2024
    Then I helped with some chores to appease my grumpy Mom. Sat down with another Primeagen video to eat lunch.

    Played some chess and read a fic update, re-read some chapters of JJK, looked into the docs for the Linux Kernel to
    look where Rust was coming into play there.

    Checked out the forums I track, and read some other fanfics for a little and then going to sleep around 4:40PM.

    Praneeth had went out already as is his MO at this point everyday. So I got the bed in room.

    I did some push-ups too, paying more attention to my form now. I think I got in 4 good ones. 

    I woke again from my siesta around 8:40PM to an empty house. Mom did say she wanted go shop for some clothes for the 
    house-warming party. Personally, I think its a waste to do that when we already have so many good clothes that are 
    worn so little. Especially me.

    I heated up the milk and poured myself a glass of coffee and watched YouTube for an hour and a half. When I got to 
    learning Rust, I decided that I would try to fix the LISP for it, which was not working properly.

    I spent 2 hours on it searching files for binaries, looking commands or reading documentation and figuring out config
    files. Ultimately, I realized that it was pathing issue caused by running a WSL and installing the Rust packages on 
    that and the LSP's VSC extension being on the regular system, which meant that the LSP's binary couldn't find the build
    tool Rust uses. So it wouldn't work.

    I was too tired to figure how to path from the regular system to the WSL directories so I just gave up at that point and 
    decided that I was just going to have to do Rust on Hard Mode.

    I finished another of the Rust book. Rust's Ownership concept for heap memory is very interesting. Like I already like 
    Rust a lot.

Mon Feb  5 03:13:06 IST 2024
    I'll go to sleep as soon as I finish this. Also just added in an idea for the CS50x project in my Notes, so I don't forget.

    Mom and Dad came homw around 11:00PM or so. I hadn't eaten anything yet but they did me the kindness of getting me an Onion 
    Dosa. I warmed up the milk again to make Mom her glass of Bourne Vita and warmed Dads tea.

    Mom handed my the Dosa which I gobbled in 15mins. Ate a second helping of some Dal-rice and cabbage curry. Took on a Hard 
    LeetCode problem. Didn't get it for like two hours. And I cheated by using ChatGPT and looking up the answer.

    I'm done for today. Going to sleep. Ciao.

Mon Feb  5 03:19:19 IST 2024
    fin.