Mon Feb  5 17:06:44 IST 2024
    Today has been, honestly, boring.

    I woke up at 8:40AM like usual. Went through the morning rituals and whatnot. Forgot about there being eggs left in 
    the fridge so I skipped breakfast.

    Just passed time most of the morning. Solved a Python porblem on Hackerrank that showed up on my gmail. *Really* 
    procrastinated on working with Rust today.

    Played a bunch of games of chess. Passed more time with YouTube videos. Ate lunch while doing that. Got into some 
    technical programming videos which prompted me to investigate Type Systems in Programming Languages. That was quite
    insightful.

    Raged at VSCode on my PC for opening new windows everytime I try to open a file with 'code' instead of using the active
    window, which it doesn't even see.

    Found out through a Primeagen video that someone built a CPU scheduler for the Linux kernel in Rust. Which prompted me 
    to look into that a bit. Apparently you can swtich between different schedulers while running an OS these days. Mind 
    absolutely blown by the way. Like that is very awesome.

    Spent more time being bored and directionless. Passed time with YouTube. Then one of my classmates DM'ed me asking to 
    error check some his code so I did that.

    Still not going to studying Rust.

    Did some chores around the house over the course of all the events(i.e., non-events) I mention above.

    Participated in some Type-Racing. Set a new personal record of 50 WPM and then went downhill from there. Got bored of 
    that too soon enough.

    I decided that put food in me after some exercise would get me motivated so I put eggs on boil and milk to be warmed and 
    got to working out.

    Achieved 5 push-ups with great form and failed everytime I tried another. Plancked for, probably, 45-50s. Did 2 sets of 10
    of deep-squats. 2 sets of 10 of slanted push-ups. Threw in some shoulder stretching too because my left is still bothering
    me and my right-side of my neck is stabbing with pain now too.

Mon Feb  5 17:26:54 IST 2024
    Now, here I am starting my days log early while eating my eggs. Will make myself a shot of coffee and get to studying Rust.
    Promise ...! 

Mon Feb  5 19:36:58 IST 2024
    As promised, I finished another chapter of the Rust book. It took just an hour and 45 minutes. Not bad. Though this chapter 
    is pretty short. Later ones are much more dense. Especially the practical ones.

    What else ...? Praneeth went out to the Gym. I managed maybe 1 more push-up, and 10 knee push-ups. Played watchman at the 
    door while Mom took a dump. Dad came home from his evening shift.

    Also, Lokeswari Mam release the sessionals for her subject, DSAC, both theory and lab and my results were pretty good especially 
    considering I have big fat Zero for an entire Mid-Term exam.

Mon Feb  5 23:13:53 IST 2024
    I browsed Instagram for a while and played watchman for the door again for an hour. Even though I didn't have to. I thought Mom 
    said to do it. Guess I heard her wrong. Won a game of chess afterwards. Started another LeetCode problem.

Mon Feb  5 23:54:19 IST 2024
    Fuck! Tomorrow is Java External exam and here I am hacking away at a LeetCode problem in C. And it's almost midnight. I should be 
    heading to bed. And I will as soon as I finish this.

    I got some of the folders from the CS50 codespace into myh local system. Then I read an update for a fic that hasn't updated in a 
    long while. It's Harry Potter fic that I absolutely loved. Ate dinner while reading that.

    Read up on the newsletters for today. Watched another episode of 7th Time Loop anime. Then I spent a while on that LeetCode problem.

    Now I'm heading to sleep. Gute Nacht

Tue Feb  6 00:02:49 IST 2024
    fin.