Tue Feb  6 22:14:42 IST 2024
    Today was great. Let's elaborate on that.

    I woke up at 5:40AM, though this was proceeded by weird dreams that consisted of me writing code for ...something. I 
    don't remember anymore. I really wanted to stay in bed longer though because Dad was up and I could lie in a little
    while longer, right? NO!

    Got out of bed, brushed teeth, ate honey, drank water and readied a bottle to carry. Dad went into the shower early,
    so I used his futon/mattress thing that he uses to sleep on the ground to do 2 cycles of Surya Namaskar. That exercise
    is not easy man. Requires way too much mobility from my spine.

    I readied my clothes and towels and headed into the shower. Made it out quick too. I unshelled and salted the eggs Dad
    had boiled. And I feasted on them for breakfast while watching another Primeagen video. This one about Open Source
    Software and Contributions to them.

    Dressed and packed everything and headed out to catch the bus. Also Praneeth's new shoes looked and felt nice. Hope they
    don't fit him. Then they'll be handed down to me. I really do not like my own taste, do I? 

    I guess that's because perhaps I have no taste at all.

    On the bus, I looked through Instagram, tried to study some Java and spaced out listening to my Liked Songs playlist.

    Joined my friends in the classroom and did some kind of preparing for the Java Lab External for a half an hour or so.

    Then we all collected our things went down to Lab to give our exams. It was honestly pretty chill and easy. 
    
    I had to write up the program for Multithreading which is same question Harsith got. There was a mix-up in that we copied a 
    numbered question from a projected document but the question on Mam's question paper(which is the one that's) valid had a 
    different question. So we had to change that. Harsith very much wished it was the first question we copied that was valid
    cause that was just the Letter Combinations one. And, honestly, I agree with his sentiment.

    Wasn't all that bad. I wrote up my paper pretty fast, though it had a lot of corrections on it that would on it that, in an 
    actual text editor, would have proper edits. But it was fine. Mam didn't look at it too closely.

    When I got to the execution part, I saw that the system I booted up had an Internet connection. So I git cloned one my of 
    Github Repositories that had lab programs directory over HTTPS. cd... cd... cd... mv... rm -rf ...'d it all and then compiled
    the .java file for the Multithreading program and ran it. And BOOM! My execution was finished. Just like that!

    Of course I made edits to the program on the system and my answer paper both before I showed it Mam. I also added in the start-
    stop feel to it using the sleep() thread method when she mentioned it the Deepak and few seats over. When she checked it she 
    found no fault in it and that's basically my Lab External for Java done.

    I wrote up some more of the description that I didn't know from the web-browser before giving up my workstation to Arya.

    And then sat beside Mam's table while she made rounds across the Lab waiting to have my paper marked 'executed'. Had it done a 
    few minutes later then just sat quietly until the External invigilator came in to carry out the Viva.

    Harsith asked to switch places with him since he would have to give the Viva first. So I did. His seat neighbored Gayatri and 
    Hemanth. I helped out Hemanth with an error in his code and was amused by the Traceback on Gayatri's program.

Tue Feb  6 22:47:42 IST 2024
    Just a mention that no breaks were had during this update, but it has taken a minute to get here so that's why this is here.

    Anyway, got called out once by Ratnam Mam for speaking too much which was fair. The External invigilator seemed like a chill 
    person so far. So that was a plus. Harsith came to his seat after his Viva was done with. I went back over there, which was 
    right beside where the sir sat.

    He made a pretty jovial comment about I seemed like the CR to the people in proximity and some other good-natured comments.

    Pretty soon it was my turn, and by then I had to hit the toilet pretty urgently. He asked me one question about what Multi-
    threading is, and answered as verbosely as I could, as best as I could. The face he made, just like the faces eevryone makes
    when I speak in my English, annoyed me. But I impressed a chill smile onto it, and listened to his non-sequiter about the 
    importance of communication while holding my bladder in.

    Like I respect that he was nice and not very hard-ass but I really could've done without the rant. He didn't ask me another
    question after that so I turned in my paper and left to hit the toilet. 

    Once I relieved myself, I talked to Vasu a little about tomorrow's DSAC Lab External. Walked to out get some sun, and greeted
    a couple of friends from B-section who just finished their Lab External DSAC and just generally loitered around until Harsith
    came out.

    Poor guy had to wait until Mam checked his execution which she didn't get to. Harshi was really frustated with her and I get 
    that. But I really I can understand Mam too, since she had to manage a lot of students and was already very annoyed by our 
    general conduct and how the exam was going until then, very little of which is her fault.

Tue Feb  6 23:03:01 IST 2024
    This is taking way too long and is already so long. I've barely covered half the day and the logs nearing 80 lines. Damn.

    Moving on quickly. We ate lunch back in our classroom, walked over to the Civil Dept. to set up in the library until the evening.
    Met Kiran on the way and he and Harsith talked about their DTPI project. My team's is really not done at all man. 

    Kiran and co. persuaded us to join them in eating something, I initially agreed but left them on their own just a bit later. Got 
    invited by Vyshu to her birthday party. That was something.

    So I went up to the library alone. When I got there I found out that there was no Wi-fi for the Digi-Lab. So the place was 
    practically useless. So I sat there and browsed Instagram or played Chess.

    Harsith and co. joined me a while later and I relocated with them to the table Akhilesh and Basha were sitting. Hadn't even noticed 
    them there until Harsith pointed them out. Harsith and Kiran continued working on their project and we all chatted amonsgst ourselves
    until we had to leave.

    Kiran and co. left early and Harsith and I stuck around until 3:50PM talking about this and that. We continued our conversation down 
    our way and while we waited for the bus stop gate to open up and then until we got to our busses.

    We joined up again and then a friend from CSM joined us to tell us of the incident that apparently occured in their Dept. buildings 
    Lab. So their entire building is new along with the Labs, so everything in those Labs is also brand new. Some of these new things 
    include systems with pretty decent GPUs. Some students from another college who were visiting our campus, wasn't clear on why, stole 
    3 GPUs from the Lab computers. Yeah. That's a thing.

Tue Feb  6 23:22:56 IST 2024
    Break to annouce that I just went to help Mom set the washing machine in place after it jerked out of place while working. That happens
    quite often. Also this log is now over 100 lines long. 100 lines!

    I expresse how the entire incident seemed stupid and a negligence of the staff and that it was very unfair to be crackdown on us students
    for it, and questioned why they would need workstations with GPUs anyway.

    The answer to that was apparently that it was required for ML work which pre-requisited high compute power. My repsonse to that was that 
    it was a dumb idea. They could have paid for a cloud service and a better Internet connection. And then it was pointed out that those 
    systems came from a sponsorship and then I got it.

    We parted ways when the busses started up. On the way home, I lost a game of chess, scrolled a bunch of Instagram, checked out something 
    called the Odin Project, and napped a little.

    Got home, was annoyed to realise that Mom still hadn't cleaned up my glasses case like I've asking her for a month, and went to shower.

    I ...gave in to my impusles in the shower. Damn it I'm weak and pathetic. I just couldn't make the sacrifice. Fuck!

    After freshing up, I sat down and watched some more videos from the YouTube programming community. Set up my dotfiles Repository and 
    permanent aliases on my WSL's bash.

    Looked into how I could customise my system some more. A couple more YouTube shorts and videos. And then I decided to have an early dinner.
    Warmed up what we had cooked, put on a new Primeagen video that talked about sync/async in Rust and ate. Played a game of chess after.

    Then I spent an hour consuming visually stimulating and addictive media.

    Once I stopped with that, I started with this log. Also, managed to get the password for Dad's email, finally. Damn writing this took so long.

Tue Feb  6 23:42:32 IST 2024
    It's almost midnight already. And I've made no progress on the Rust book today!

    *Sigh* I'll update this again before going to sleep.

Tue Feb  6 23:51:48 IST 2024
    Just won a game of chess and it's probably has my best played endgame. I switched up my opening.

Wed Feb  7 00:02:51 IST 2024
    And another one bites the dust. It was a beautiful checkmate. I calculated pretty far ahead and was actually got it impressively right. It felt 
    awe~some.

    Anyway, it's time to head to bed. It's past midnight and I still have another exam tomorrow.