Wed Feb  7 20:54:09 IST 2024
    Today is a lot of interesting things. But it is especially a day of great personal failure.

    Waking up today at 5:35AM, I felt like a ghost or some horror movie villain with how I just sat up straight on my bed after realisingI was too
    awake and that it was time to get up.

    I put my eggs on boil, and woke Dad up. Brushed my teeth while Dad oriented himself. Ate honey and hydrated. Did 2 Suryanamakars when Dad went
     to shower first. I prepared my towel and clothes and went in next.

Wed Feb  7 20:58:41 IST 2024
    Good god, my shoulder is killing me.

    Any I whamied myself in shower. Weak ass addict that I am. Dried up, got half-dressed then cut up and salted my boiled eggs. Eating them took 
    like 20mins, so I ...what did I do while I ate? Browsed some forums, and read a new fic I think. And a Programming video too.

    When it was time to head out, I grabbed my phone and my lunch, that Dad packed for me while I ate breakfast, and got dressed in yesterdays
    uniform. Which I didn't throw in the laundry cause I wanted to re-use it. Well, more like Mom wanted me too, so that there isn't too much
    laundry when she gets back.

    Oh yeah, Mom is going to Srikakulam today to do some more preparation for the Housewarming event. So she won't be doing any of her work/chores 
    today, meaning it will pile up for when she comes back.
    
    So I went out. Got to the bus stop a little early, but that's always nice. On the ride, I did absolutely no studying for the DS Lab External
    today at all. Just read forums, and finished the first chapter of that new fic I started of which there are only two. And found another
    game to add to my Steam wishlist.

    Did some studying once I joined up all of my classmates but I only looked at, like, 2 problems. This exam is one entirely based on the luck of
    the draw. I could do great depending on the problem I get.

    So the exam started at 9:00AM or thereabouts. I got my question, and thanked god since it was an easy one, situated myself and started my write
    up. Got my seat changed cause I got dragged into conversation by my neighbors asking for help. 
    
    So I silently finished my write-up which took, like, and hour and a half. I was called out for Viva in the middle of that, to which, I think, I 
    answered pretty well. By the time I got my write-up checked by Mam so I could move onto the program execution part it was 10:55AM or so.

    So I typed as fast as I could, cleared my compile-time and run-time errors easily and had my program pretty much ready to be looked over by Mam.

    When Lokeswari came over, I demonstrated the right behaviours for the program for the inputs she assigned and got her mark of approval. Recorded
    my outputs passed over the paper and got out of the Lab so as to not further inconvenience the invigilation faculty on top of everyone elses BS.

    Met one of my bus mates outside and we talked for a minute about our exams and stuff. Met up with Harsith and went to our classroom to relax and 
    whatnot. I ventured out a little to find out if busses were running this afternoon. They were. Departing at 1:20AM.

    So I went back to classm and ate lunch with the gang. Harsith brought his laptop, so he put on a movie he downloaded, Salaar starring Prabhas. I 
    was  immediately turned off ny that. So I just browsed stuff on my phone while I ate. Harsith also talked shop with his DTPI project with his 
    teammtes and we all left together after they were done. We chatted in the way to the back gate and separated once the busses started up. 
    
    I finished up my lunch on the ride since I left some uneaten. Played a couple matches of chess. I think I've found my groove again. I'm not 
    losing as badly as I've been for the past two months.

    Afterwards, I just scrolled through Instagram just browsed the web for stuff that piqued my interest.

    On the walk back home from the bus stop, I talked with a busmate about what kind of programming I am doing and will be doing and what kind I 
    think we should be doing and stuff like that. We separated when our routes diverged.

    I went to the More supermarket to replace the sanitzer bottle that I lost today only to find out they weren't in stock. Very disappointed.

    When I got home, Praneeth opened the door when I rang the bell since Mom wasn't around today. Dad was home from his morning shift. I just did
    all of the unpacking and stuff and went straight into the shower.

    I whammied myself in the shower again by the way.

    I sat down in front of the computer and watched a some Software Dev videos, moved a couple files around on my PC, played a bunch of chess, and 
    read a new update for a really nice Percy Jackson fic.

    Drank some orange juice by the way that Dad made from some leftover oranges and left for his afternoon shift. Praneeth also went out. I don't 
    know where, probably to hang out with his friends or something.

Wed Feb  7 21:43:18 IST 2024
    I spent two hours watching pleasure stimulating video content. I'm not proud of it. I thought I could make February work but I guess not. Gosh
    I need therapy.

    I stopped when Dad came home from his afternoon shift. Helped him unpack some groceries. The milk he got when he came home earlier was package
    burnt. So he had to get more.

    I made myself fresh coffee with the *fresh* milk instead of burnt/spoiled stuff after warming it up. While it warmed, I did some exercise. 

    Nothing fancy. A 10 rep set of jump squats, 4 push-ups but the form was good I think, a 10 rep set of slanted push-ups, 10 knee push-ups, a few
    dozen seconds of the reverse plank and a bunch of shoulder stretches.

    When I finished, I drank my coffee while playing some more chess and watching more YouTube videos. And then I had to choose between starting the
    log for today or starting the next chapter of the Rust book. I chose the former and here we are.

Wed Feb  7 21:52:40 IST 2024
    This line is just a timestamp kind of thing. Also I notice I'm more descriptive of my day when I start writing about it early. Makes sense since
    I would remember it in more detail. So all of the logs I've started early are so long. I'm at line 85 here.

Wed Feb  7 21:56:02 IST 2024
    Anyway, I'm going to attend to a chore that I've yet to finish and then get to the Rust book. So I'll leave this here, for now.

Thu Feb  8 00:57:25 IST 2024
    So I didn't get to that chore I mentioned yet. I moved around the house, watched more YouTube, looked up some articles on private Repo clone 
    access, since I don't want anyone to just be able to clone my .dotfiles Repo from github. Scrolled through some forum articles.

    Praneeth came home from wherever he went. I laid on the bed a little while and spaced out. I found that another fic I keep track of was updated
    with a new chapter so I read that. 

    More YouTube. Lost a game of chess, didn't see the only good move. Read the new chapter of Oshi no Ko. Hung the laundry up to dry.

    I should probably head to bed now. I didn't finish the two chaptera of the Rust book today like I wanted to. I'll have to catch up.

Thu Feb  8 01:04:46 IST 2024
    This is the closing line. Over 100 lines a second time. Yeesh.

    fin.