Thu Feb  8 23:58:02 IST 2024
    It's very late right now so I might leave it in the middle and continue it tomorrow. Today was not very great though.

    So I woke up at 7:30AM just as I wanted to, to the incessant ringing of the alarm I set. I then turned it off and went right back to sleep. 
    Yes. I did that.

    When I woke up again, it was 10:30AM. Like seriously. I am so dumb.

    I went through the usual morning routine, thought about boiling some eggs for breakfast but decided against it when I saw that Dad had left 
    roasted bread. Proceeded to take a shower, whamied, and sat in front of the computer.

    I spent an hour and a half learning Rust. Afterwards, I went through some YouTube videos, everything on my feed is programming related or 
    adjacent right now, looked into some CLI tools and GitHub repos.

    I also got off sometime in between all that and ate 3 pieces of the bread roast. It was around 12:30AM that I did that. Don't remember the 
    order to all of that anymore. Then I played some chess. Won some, lost some. Oh I also read the chapter for the High Tide fic. Awesome work.
    And I the read update for another fic as well. 

    I got back to learning Rust again after watching a couple more YouTube shorts. Finished the chapter by around 4:30PM, decided that was enough
    for today. I'd do multiple-chapter-days from the day after tomorrow, since the semester would fully be done by then.

    In between getting back on that chapter and finishing it, Dad came home from his morning shift. I took a break to help him cook lunch and did 
    the days exercise, which consisted of 5 push-ups(proper form), 10 jump squats, a minute of planking, and 5 half-pistol squats for both legs.

    I also ate lunch watching a Gotham chess video covering a chess championship. It was a finals match between Alireza Firouzja and Magnus Carlsen.
    I loved the dal-curry we made today, it was my favorite.

    Then I got back to Rust, finished the chapter, commited my practice to the cloud repo. Praneeth went out early today. So I had the house all to
    myself. Naturally, I did the one thing I always do that happens which I really should not be doing for my own future and mental health. I 
    watched pleasure stimulating video content.

    I did it until Dad came back home from his afternoon shift. I got off that, helped him with getting the milk sorted. Made myself a glass of 
    coffee, boiled 2 eggs to eat and than sat down to watch more YouTube videos. I ate the eggs doing that.

    I also helped out with making Dinner, or at least remember contributing something there. Though I think Dad finished most of the work. Played 
    a couple games of chess. Drew up an Ideate map for the DTPI project activity sheet for tomorrow.

    More YouTube, eating dinner, more YouTube. I installed a JavaScript run-time on my WSL that required 3 other packages to be installed separately
    and the framework itself had a ton of dependency crates. I installed through Cargo by the way, and it took so long. And the installation kept 
    crashing cause it didn't find some dependencies that it need but could not install on its own. 

    I played around with Vim and the GNU debugger too a little. I also got an update from my DTPI project about its status and how I can help.

    A new chapter released for Jujutsu Kaisen and maaaan is it just as good as I hoped it would be. It has everything. Everything. Then I watched
    some videos on it. 

    It was 11:50 or something when I was doing that, when Mom finally came home. And she was so grumpy. She started taking issue with everything in
    the house as soon as she passed the door. 

    That's about it for today. It was a shitty day.

Fri Feb  9 00:45:04 IST 2024
    Todays log is a lot shorter than is usual these days. Specifically, it's shorted than every other entry for February preceding it. By a good 
    percent even. Also I need to get to sleep.

Fri Feb  9 00:47:16 IST 2024
    fin.