Fri Feb  9 23:15:42 IST 2024
    Today was a giganticc waste of time.

    So I woke up at 5:40AM, went through the morning routine, showered first while Dad was in the kitchen. He woke up first today by the way. I 
    resisted the temptation of the pleasure of the flesh and got out by 6:10AM.

    Also waking up, I had weird progrmamming concepts jumbling around in my head from my dreams.

    I cut up the eggs that Dad had boiled, salted them, and sat down to eat them for breakfast with some early morning YouTube stuff. It was mostly
    about this group of tech guys who ran an Internet pirating website. Finished it by around 6:45AM. 

    Then I got properly dressed, packed up everything as needed for going to college today, put on a used pair of socks and headed out to catch the 
    bus to campus. 

    None of my usual busmates from my stop were there today. They were probably finished with all their exams.

    On the ride, I mostly played a couple games of chess, scrolled Instagram and slept through the rest of the ride. When I got to campus, I got to
    our usual classroom and sat down with Yaswanth to look over our project. Tried to implement a new feature on it, failed because the damn main UI
    page was designed a pay-walled service and the source code for it was inaccessible.

    So I just hung around in the classroom with the team and my other friends looking at their projects or playing more chess. Some of my friends 
    from another Dept. came around asking for help with hosting their website. 

    So I went around and helped them out, I left a bit early to eat lunch before the time of the exam. They said they would get back to me a little
    bit later but they never did.

    I got back together with my usual friend group back in the class and ate lunch with them while looking browsing through their website. Then we 
    all left to the Project Lab in the Mech. Dept. where the exam was to be conducted at around 12:30PM.

    They didn't even start in the first place until 1:00PM or something. So our whole just sat in an adjacent classroom and waited. The teams 
    started going out to give their project presentation. We prepared for ours, talked with the people who finished theirs abput how it went and 
    waited our turn. I played chess and just played around on my phone until I decided that my phone had too little charge left, so I turned it off.

    When it was our turn, we gave a brief explanation of what we did. The External Invigilator was rightly unimpressed with our project, since he 
    could find no unique features and no Design Thinking involved, and that most of our site looked copy-pasted. By the time our thing was finished 
    it was 3:30PM.

Fri Feb  9 23:47:19 IST 2024
    I stuck around with Harsith in the neighboring classroom until 4:00PM to avoid the Seniors distributing stall tickets. We left together to catch
    the busses. Left our bags in our respective ones and went around to get some snacks. Harsith bought me veg puff and himself an ice cream cone. 
    We talked about programming among other things and separated when the busses started.

    I mostly just slept on the ride home. The walk home was so completely mundane. 

    When I got home I was immediately put in a bad mood within the span of a single conversation with Mom. I have been asking for a over 2 months 
    for her clean up my glasses case and give it to me but she keeps fucking forgetting. When I get a little pissy about she snaps at me. 

    The woman cannot even put in a proper system to answer the door, isn't able to use the second bathroom we have in the house, not to mention that
    she just cannot maintain a clean home and I ask her for a simple thing and she snaps. She will probably never find satisfaction in life ever.

    That's not me being bitter or whatever, just a logical observation.

    I showered straight away, gave in to the temptation of the pleasure of the flesh. When I got out, I dried off and made myself a glass of coffee.
    I watched some YouTube videos, looked through the forums I track, played some chess, read some fics about the Assassin's Creed games. Played 
    some more chess.

    I read some more of chapter 7 of the Rust book. Didn't really get the module system that Rust uses but I think I'll get it once I actually 
    finish the bloody chapter.

    I helped out Mom with some stuff about payments or whatever. Did some exercise. A bunch of biceps curls into overhead lifts with the 5 kilo 
    weights, 5 push ups with proper form, 10 jump squats and a minute of planking.

    I found out a Data Structures and Algorithms repo that was written entirely in Rust. It is beautiful and I barely understand any of it.

    I looked through Amazon for a split keyboard, got turned off by the prices, ate dinner first watched more YouTube. I also helped cook some rice 
    because we ran out.  
    
    I watched more YouTube instead of making more progress on the chapter from the Rust book. Then I got to writing the log for today.

Sat Feb 10 00:11:28 IST 2024
    I'll continue to write updates for it before I get to sleep.

Sat Feb 10 00:47:48 IST 2024
    I watched more YouTube, played a winning game of chess. Never did finish the chapter of the Rust book for today. Now I'm going to sleep.

    fin.