Sun Feb 11 00:35:29 IST 2024
    It is half past midnight as I write this. I should written up at least the first half of the day up. I'm a little fuzzy on the details now. I'll 
    do my best to remember them though.

    I woke up later than I wanted to at 7:55AM or thereabouts. I went through my morning routine, waited until the shower was available and had a
    bath right away. I could not resist the temptation of pleasure today either, so I can't reset the count.

    I spent the morning watching YouTube videos, playing chess, reading forums and fic updates. I ate 2 pieces of roasted bread and leftover Upma 
    from last night for breakfast. I also hung some of the laundry up to dry and some other chores Mom set me to in between.

    Around 12:00PM, I got back to the chapter of the Rust book I left unfinished yesterday. I finished it by 1:30PM, took a break for lunch, watched
    a bunch more YouTube videos/shorts. 

    I also worked out at some point, not exactly sure of the timing anymore though. I do remember that I did 15 biceps curls into an overhead lift,
    1 set of 5 push ups and 2 more push ups, 20 jump squats, a half-minute of plank  and some stretches.

    Around 2:30PM I started the next chapter of the book. I left it halfway through to take a nap at around 3:00PM.

    I got woken up by Dad after he got back from his only shift today and cleaned up, saying we had to go to the Chinatamani Ganapathi Temple over 
    in Sirassuvalli for Darshana because the Ganapathi Sachidananda Swamiji was going to be in attendance. I barely got to nap for 40mins.

    So I got dressed up for that and went there with them. I should have taken my headphones along with. And had my phone charged earlier. Its 
    charge was at 50% when we left.

    I mostly battled with pain in my shoulders the whole car ride in between reading the newsletter in my inbox, forums, Rust documentation, and 
    browsing Instagram. I couldn't really vibe with Praneeth's car music at all.

    We got to the temple and I saw this little girl running about with her parents and thought that I would have loved to be big brother to a little
    baby sister. I think I'll carry that disappoint my whole life because I will never let myself be that kind of close with anyone else.

    Anyway, we had our Darshan, but Appaji would not arrive until much later in the evening so we stayed in temple, ashrama or whatever until then.
    I played some chess on the wait, read some google-recommended articles and battled uncomfortableness and pain in my shoulders. I turned my phone
    of for a little while too, to conserve battery.

    It was 8:30 by the time the Appaji's entourage made it to the temple. We got our Darshan, listened to some speech by the Appaji's younger 
    brother, ate some of the food they were serving there and started back home. It was 9:10PM or something when we did.

    I ordered myself some new shoes on a pretty big discount. Made sure they were of a size larger than my foot and had laces. I napped the rest of 
    the way home or made insignificant conversation with the family.

Sun Feb 11 01:09:50 IST 2024
    I feel very sleepy. I wanted to finish chapter 8 of the Rust book today, but I guess that ain't happening.

    We got home around 10:05PM. Praneeth dropped us off and went fill his cars tank for tomorrow's adventures. Mom had Dileep come over and prepare 
    an outdoor wash for her to wash her dirty feet. Dad and I encountered Aunt Charumathi, Dad's work colleague, and her husband out on a walk and 
    engaged in conversation with them a little while. Aunt Charumathi is a very energetic and playful person.

    We got into the house. Dad showered first, I waited watching Instagram, and Mom Mom'd. When I finally freshend up, I put the milk and the 
    leftover Upma on the stove to warm up. Ate the Upma, forgot to drink the milk.

    Then I watched a bunch of YouTube videos. One of them was about using CLI tools better which I took as much to heart as I could. So I aliased 
    some cool commands on my systems shell. And then I started this log.

Sun Feb 11 01:20:59 IST 2024
    And that's everything about today that I is worth writing about that can remember. So I'm cutting this off here. That's it for the 10th. I'm
    going to sleep now.

Sun Feb 11 01:22:35 IST 2024
    fin.