Sun Feb 11 23:56:08 IST 2024
    It's very late and I have to go to sleep, so I'm going to write up the log for the 11th tomorrow morning on the 12th instead. Not much of note
    occured today anyway.

Mon Feb 12 06:26:27 IST 2024
    Okay. Good morning me. Writing this log a bit posthumously but it's fine.

    So on the 11th, I woke up around 7:55AM or something like that. Likely later. Don't remember much of the state I woke up in though.

    I went through all the morning stuff, quickly showered, I did indugle my craving for pleasure in there, and got back dressed for my last holiday.

    A lot of the day I spent on YouTube and most of the rest reading this new web-novel called Omniscient Reader. A did spare a couple of hours to 
    study Rust though. Finished Chapter 8 but have yet finish its associated exercises.

    Mom and Dad went out to a Housewarming thing that a friend of Mom's is hosting in the morning. They left at like, I want to say 9:30AM, but I'm
    not sure. They came back around at 4:00PM and then took off again a little while later, Praneeth joining them this time.

    As a consequence, I had the house to myself. It was only natural then that I would use the opportunity to prove myself the closet pervert that I
    am. I indugled in pleasure stimulating video content for a couple hours. I really need to stop that. And get some therapy.

    I recently had the uncomfortable realization that I am a lot more like Mom than I would ever want to be. Some of the times she rants about her 
    troubles feel those times when I deliberately speak out of my own hoping that someone would help me of their choice instead of me having to ask.

    It was a sign that I still had a lot of growing up to do. Because that trait of my Mom's is something I think is very bad for her and for me too.

    When they came back Mom was in a pissy mood, because at some point Dad had forgotten to put the lock on the front door when he came up briefly 
    to get something. She still does not understand how pathetic it is that someone in the house can't lock the door from the inside. All 
    suggestions of changes to her system fall on deaf ears.

    I diced some vegetables for dinner. Loved the mealmaker, or whatever it is properly called, curry. Saved some for tomorrow.

    I went to bed way too late at 12:15AM for having to go to college tomorrow. I need to sleep earlier. Also I took a rest from all exercise today.

    That's about it. This day was honestly not that great nor eventful. So this log is finished here.

Mon Feb 12 06:48:32 IST 2024
    fin.
