Tue Feb 13 00:01:28 IST 2024
    It is past Midnight. I couldn't pass up the opportunity start the log just after that. The day was not very great though for being the first day
    of the new semester.

    I woke up at 5:40AM sharp. Dad was already up, so I went through my morning rituals and even managed to get in a Suryanamaskar while Dad was in
    the shower. I went in after him but only after having sorted out my clothes and towel. 

    I showered quick and resisted my temptations. There was no breakfast to eat, so Dad just packed me my lunch with some of the things left from 
    dinner last night and went back to sleep. 

    I got my coffee and sat down to write yesterdays log that I had put of writing. And then I read another chapter of the web-novel I had started 
    reading yesterday. I did not get off until 6:59AM, when I would be almost late.

    I frantically got everything I needed to bring with me to college packed and got out to catch the bus. I wore my slip-on shoes instead of the 
    old ratty sneakers I've been using these past few months. My new pair of sports shoes will arrive sometime this week. Excited and worried about
    that since my last such purchase I wasn't too satisfied with.

    I met my busmates at the bus stop and chatted about college work and programming stuff. On the way to campus, I continued my conversation with 
    them and afterwards I looked through some forums and Internet articles, solved a chess puzzle and continued reading the web-novel.

    I got to campus and walked to the classroom and was dissappointed to find out that Harsith really hadn't come to classes today. I passed some 
    more time on the phone until Suryanarayana Sir came in to take class. 

    I never mentioned Suryanarayana any logs until now I don't think. He was our batch's EM-1 faculty all the way back in the 1st Semester of the 
    1st Year. He was a great teacher and I liked him a lot. It's great that he is teaching us again.

    So he came to take class and we all reacquianted ourselves with each other. He was dissappointed with how many students showed up for class 
    today. So he gave us a brief introduction to the syllabus of the subject he would be teaching us this Semester which is PSQT.

    And then just let us be for the rest of the periods he was in charge of. I asked him some questions, made some updates to our whatsapp group at
    his prompting and read another bunch of chapters of the web-novel. 

    The faculty of Computer Graphics came by to tell us a bit about his subject but left quickly since he was supervising an External Lab for some 
    other class at the time, probably a Freshman class.

    This was followed by another period of ...grace let's say. Followed by a class for the OS course. The faculty for it arrived, introduced herself
    was also dissappointed with the attending strength of the class and dictated the course syllabus to us and left. Also layed out some ground 
    rules for her class.

    After this period was lunch since Suryanarayana sir substituted for a class immediately after his one. I ate mine quickly since the lunch I had
    packed today, I loved very much. I checked out whether the library's servers were up yet. They were not. 

    The period after lunch was a class for Formal Languages and Automata Theory for which the faculty is also our class' class/head teacher.
    She started of with explaining some basic concepts of her subject and what it is about. Baiscally, for CS students, it's all a Foundation for 
    Compiler Design, Natural Language Processing and other similar applications. This one is going to be tough.

    Then I figured out what the situation was going to be with today's Lab session. Safely confirmed that it was not going to held and informed the
    rest of the class as much. I stocked up on some academic supplies from the front store. Roamed the campus a little. Say around on one of the 
    benchs near the sports ground and lost at chess and then read more chapters of the web-novel.

Tue Feb 13 00:36:30 IST 2024
    The bench I sat on didn't have any shade so I was getting hot. Which is why I left to sat in the cafeteria where I read a great many more 
    chapters of the web-novel, ate some terrible veg manchurian, met up some friends from B section and then left to catch the busses home together
    with them at around 4:00PM.

    My phone's battery was pretty low at this point so I did not put on any music on the ride, continued reading the web-novel for a while and took
    a nap. I got up when my stop neared. Got off and walked home.

    I got home and through the door with my spare key. Picked up some ...blouses for Mom from Dileep, unpacked, opened the milk packets and went to 
    clean up.

    After I showered, I spent most of the rest of the evening continuing to read the web-novel. I also watched some YouTube videos/shorts, helped
    in the kitchen by dicing some vegetables, and doing a better workout.

    The workout today consisted of 5 push ups, 10 jump squats, 10 biceps curls into an overhead lift of the 5kg weights, 10 knee push ups, 10 deep 
    squats, and another 10 of those into an overhead lift bicep curls. No stretches though.

    I didn't do any Rust today aside from some reading in class and on the bus. And I didn't do any studying for the Semesterial work that I had 
    been planning on doing.

    I finsished dinner around 11:40PM and started writing the days log a little while later at exactly midnight.

    And that's where today ends. I'm going to sleep now.