Tue Feb 13 23:34:41 IST 2024
    Today was a bit of everything really.

    I woke up later than usual at 5:55AM. Hurriedly went through my morning routine and hit the shower as soon as I could. Dad had already woken up
    and was done with his. I resisted the temptations of my flesh and got out quickly.

    I prepared the eggs Dad had boiled and ate them for breakfast while Dad made lunch for me and the rest. I read even more of the web-novel I've 
    been obsessed with at the moment while eating. I was mindful of thr time today though.

    I got ready, packed everything I needed and headed off to catch the bus. The ride to campus went by as usual. Most of that time, I continued 
    with the web-novel and took a short nap. I also checked some forums on AH.

    I got to the classroom around 8:40AM just before the first class was to start. Which for today was Computer Networks with Gayatri Mam. She gave
    us some writing work and told us read up on stuff from the Data Communications subject from the previous Semester and then left early for her 
    exam invigilation work and left a substitute teacher to mind the class for the rest of the period.

    The second period was PSQT with Suryanarayan sir which was just as fun as I remember his classes to be. He officially started us out on our 
    syllabus. But he'd given up his later hour of his double period for Computer Graphics.

    As I said, the third period ended up being CG which was taught by a Lecturer I was not impressed by. He just told us his courses syllabus and 
    said a bunch of stuff about course outcomes and such and stressed the need of maintaining proper notes. 

    The fourth period of the day was Formal Languages and Automata Theory. So far, not a subject that I like but something I'm going to pay close 
    attention to since I think it will useful for simple compiler projects I have in mind.

Tue Feb 13 23:58:35 IST 2024
    Damn it, it's so late so quickly.

    I enjoyed lunch while playing a game of chess and reading more of the web-novel. Had to take a few calls from Seniors regarding Fest things.

    Afterwards, we went to down to have a CRT session with Lokeswari Mam in Lab-2 on the gronud floor. She assigned us some programming problems and 
    I barely solved 1 out of 5 in the hour and half of time we had available. Oh also, my shoes came in! Had the delivery just drop the parcel at 
    the front of the house when he called me about it, in the middle of the lab.

    We had the rest of the day off, so Harsith, Srinivas and I went back up to our classroom where those 2 showed my some of their HTML/CSS tricks 
    and Srinivas squeezed text editiing shortcuts out of us. Basha was also there but since he didn't contribute anything to anything I'm not gon' 
    talk about him.

    We called it quits with that all around 3:30PM and went to the cafeteria to get something to eat. We ate a helping of chicken fried rice, and 
    one plate of chicken manchurian while chatting. Again Basha neither gave nor took so there's not much to talk about for him.

    We parted ways with each other after we were done eating. Srinivas started off towards his room and the rest of us went to get on the busses.

    On the ride back home, I played some chess, checked for updates on all the stuff I keep track of and scrolled Instagram. And then I took a nap.

    I didn't see anything horrific on my way home today. But man am I reminded why I didn't wear my slip-on shoes for so long.

Wed Feb 14 00:11:20 IST 2024
    I need to get to sleep quickly now so the following might brief.

    I unpakced, showered, finished the web-novel, started on another Romance one. finished that too, did not pick up my books, nor the problems Instagram
    have yet solve for CRT, nor did study any Rust. I skipped working out today. Managed to resist the temptations of my body in the shower.

    I helped in the kitchen by dicing some vegetables for Dad to cook. Did some chores around the house. I ate decent dinner. Checked my weight, its 
    at 63kg. Watched some YouTube videos. And then I started on the log for the day.

    Just now, I printed out a report for CO/IPR that Harsith wrote up for a group of our classmates.

    I'm going to sleep now. I have to wake up early tomorrow and get everthing ready on my own since Dad went off to night duty and won't be around
    in the morning. We're done here.

Wed Feb 14 00:17:01 IST 2024
    fin.