Wed Feb 14 20:10:00 IST 2024
    Today was a not great day all around. And I'm writing this early today which is a habit I hope I can keep for the rest of the time I write 
    these daily logs.

    I woke up to the alarm at 5:30AM. Dad was on his overnight shift and would come home at 7:00AM. So I warmed up the leftovers from yesterday as 
    I brushed my teeth, put milk and eggs on the stove, tried tp wake Mom to no avail and then went to take a shower.

    I gave in to the temptation of the flesh today. Got out, dried myself off and frantically ran to the kitchen to turn of the eggs I left on boil.
    Mom hadn't woken up to look after that. She did wake up a couple minutes later though.

    We realized that Praneeth had eaten off the curry Dad had saved up for me last night sometime after we all went to sleep. So I decided just eat
    at campus' cafeteria. What a waste of effort warming all of those leftovers up was.

    I hydrated, ate 2 spoons of honey and drank the meager amount of coffee Mom made me. We'd run out of ground coffee. Then I cut up and salted my 
    boiled eggs and sat down with the computer to eat breakfast.

    I watched the latest episode for the anime 7th Time Loop, then I watched some YouTube content. Found out about a new set of keyboard hotkeys.

    It was almost 7:00AM so I got dressed and ready. Dad was late. I waited until 7:10AM to call him to ask why and his response was that he needed
    to go to the Railway Station and that he wasn't gonna be home now and to just skip classes for today.

    Mom called in Dileep to see what we could do. Just when I make peace with this unfortunate circumstance(not sarcasm) Dad comes by in the 
    Hospitals Van-bulance thing. Opens the door and leaves. Honestly Dad? While I appreciate you lot, just fuck you.

    Like it was 7:15AM I was gonna miss the bus anyway goddamnit. Luckily Dileep came by and dropped me off near the bus. We had play catch up with
    it and lost. I got on the A bus that stopped close by where we stopped and took that to campus.

    The entire experience left me in a bad mood the rest of the day. On the bus ride, I mostly just scrolled Instagram, played a couple matches 
    of chess, checked some forums too, and napped a little.

Wed Feb 14 21:12:39 IST 2024
    Took a little bit of a break to watch some YouTube. Where was I?

    Oh yeah, we made it campus at 8:40AM. And I mean the back gate stop. I made it to class at like 8:45AM. Luckily the first periods lecturer was 
    a bit late.

    The first periods being Micro-Processors and Interfacing, MPI for short, with a Mr. Shiv Kumar from the ECE Department. He gave a brief intro 
    to his subject and elaborated on our course syllabus. He seemed like a calm and reasonable teacher. So I look forward to his future classes.

    This was followed by PSQT with Suryanarayana Sir. It was actually supposed to be CG but a substitution was taken since the CG faculty took 
    Suryanarayana Sirs period yesterday. Enjoyed that class. A couple Seniors came in to make announcements for the Fest. More on that later.

    Next was FLAT with Bharathi Mam. I actually enjoyed this one too, surprisingly. Though I expect it get much worse as we progress. Also she gave
    us homework that I haven't started on yet.

    The last period before lunch was Computer Networks with Gayatri Mam. She was late for class as is but then a couple other Seniors came for yet
    more announcements. So Mam just left the class to them mostly and just had me forward the days attendance to her.

    I'll get back to this after dinner.

Wed Feb 14 22:14:56 IST 2024
    Okay, I'm back. Just finished dinner. Was Delicious. Chana Dal and bottlegourd...? curry plus regular dal with coriander.

    Anyway, lunch today I ate in the cafeteria. Before that, I went to the campus store and bought a couple notebooks and some snacks for Harsith.

    Ate a chicken fried rice there sitting with Sanjana. It was nice to catch up with her. I spent a bit of time with Sai Charan there watching 
    memes and listening to his stories. Man CSM/CSD people be wilding these days.

    While calling him out, I actually slipped out of my chair. Thankfully no one saw that embarrasing turn of events so that was good. The silver
    lining is that it at least gave Charan a good laugh.

Wed Feb 14 22:52:38 IST 2024
    It was 2:30PM or something like that when I got back to our classroom. We had the afternoons off on Wednesdays so no worries about classes.

    I just ended up playing some more chess and sleeping. I wanted to do some stuff like write my notes or do some CR work but I just didn't.

    It was 4:00AM pretty soon after and I walked with Harsith and some others to the busses together. We left each other there.

    On the bus ride home, I scrolled through Instagram, played some chess, trawled through some forums and napped.

    When I got home, I got in with my spare key to an empty house and decided to take the car out for a spin for while. I only took a short drive 
    around the area so it didn't take too long. I came back home at around 6:20PM. 

    I had a thought: Alcohol is best drunk watered down. I mean, you get hydrated from it, can always use the excuse of having to pee, aren't ever 
    going to get too drunk but will feel buzzed, win-win-win. And if you've got a decent tolerance with some good game, you can get easy wins by 
    drinking everyone under the table without them knowing how.

    I unpacked, undressed and whatnot and showered. I... indulged my flesh again in the shower. Come on goddamnit. You can do this Chaitu. Resist!

    Dad came back home while I was in the shower. I did leave the door open for him in case he did so he was fine.

    I went through some exercise right after cleaning up. Finished 3 push-ups, 5 knee push-ups, 2 sets of 10 of bicep curls into overhead lifts with
    the 5kg weights, 2 sets of 10 of jump squats, 10 slanted push-ups, 30s of reverse plank, and some stretches. Took off my shirt to not get it 
    too sweaty.

    After I finished working out, I helped Dad cook by dicing some vegetables. I showered again to wash off the sweat. And then I started this log.

    Whoo! That took a while but I got here. And now I just really want to hit the bed. Gosh I feel tired. I want more of my hours of the day back.
    And today felt like such an absolute waste.
    
    I need to do some reading for CN, write FLAT notes and solve the homework problems, will be skipping the syllabus pages for OS and CG for now.
    Don't have to worry about PSQT at the moment. So I guess I'll finish up the CR stuff and call it a day.

Wed Feb 14 23:28:10 IST 2024
    Finished it. I'm just going to commit-push this and go to sleep.
    
    fin.