Thu Feb 15 23:05:08 IST 2024
    AYoo! I''m starting this awfully late. But honestly today was just tiring. Mom just called me unhelpful right now too. So that opinion has just
    been reinforced strongly.

    I woke up at 5:30AM today, but actually got out of bed at 5:50AM. Ah, it's so dumb to snooze off after gaining consciousness. You're not going
    to get more sleep, and waste time that you cannot afford to waste. But I do it anyway. Need to work on that.

    I woke Dad, brushed my teeth, and did other morning and headed into the shower first thing. Did not give in to the demands of my flesh. 

    I saw that I did not have any of my uniform clothes cleaned. Mom's been out, so laundry hasn't happend in a while. It's a good thing I left 
    yesterdays set out on the hanger though. But I still did not have a trunk so I walked around in my underwear the whole morning.

Fri Feb 16 00:06:41 IST 2024
    Okay I just came back from having dinner. I made my portion small and light since I just ate a bunch of Upma a little earlier. There's a lot 
    left to go over and it's already very late so let's get to it.

    I cut up, salted and ate the boiled eggs Dad broke in for me. I watched a couple YouTube videos and checked out the forums while I ate.

    We still had not gotten any coffee so I just drank whole milk instead. I couldn't put it all down since I just had eggs and it was getting late.
    So I left half of it in the freezer.

    I packed, dressed and got out to catch the bus. I put on my new shoes. And damn, while I liked them well enough I was already starting to see 
    potential problems with it. 

    I got on the bus. While on the way to campus, I read the new chapter of Oshi no Ko and that of a Naruto fanfic that hadn't updated in a *year*,
    scrolled some Instagram, and tried to catch up on some sleep.

    I got to class a little early at 8:30AM, chatted around and passed the time until class started. We really had almost a full day of classes 
    today.

    The first class was FLAT with Bharathi Mam. I honestly enjoyed today's class. The subject felt very problem-solving oriented. Although I'm sure
    that my opinion on it will change as the course goes into more depth and gets harder. 

    The next 2 periods were OS class with Sravanthi Mam and man was I bored with that class. Like she talked about basic shell commands. I mean, I 
    understand that no one the class knows of them but since I do, I was just annoyed by the class. Couldn't be bothered write any notes about it.
    I mean, these were just bash commands. I know how to use bash commands. I play with them all the time these days since I've grown to love Linux
    and am running WSL Ubuntu on my system.

    Thankfully, it was cut short by the Seniors coming in to campaign for Fest events and Mam wanting to do some work on splitting the class into 
    batches for tomorrows Lab. She asked me to find out about how many students both the OST and MPI lab can accomodate so I went to meet the Lab
    technician to ask about those details. 

Fri Feb 16 00:25:42 IST 2024
    This is taking so long. Dad just went to sleep and I need to as well.

    Moving on, the next hour after that was PSQT with Suryanarayana Sir. I don't need to say much about this class. It's Suryanarayana Sir's class,
    it was going to be nice as always. Though I was getting pretty hungry at this point though.

    It was finally lunch period and I ate while playing some chess, giving my number to all the Seniors who to campaign for their events since I am
    the CR for my class, and writing up letters for all my classmates that are going about and participating Fest activities.

    I also chatted with Harsith and rest of our gang and had him sign us up for a some project expo's with our old Echolocation glasses project.

    The period after lunch was Computer Graphics with Ravi Kumar Sir. Like I told Harsith, I didn't like his teaching style though I would not say 
    it was bad really. But my gold standart for a professor is David J. Malan and no one can compare that man. He just continued with an overview of
    the syllabus that he hadn't finished in the last class.

Fri Feb 16 00:34:45 IST 2024
    I'm gonna cut this short and write the rest tomorrow morning. It's very late and I really need to go to sleep.

Fri Feb 16 06:36:30 IST 2024
    Oh hey! GOod morning. Let's finish this befire I have to get going.

    Where was I? The period after CG was CN with Gayatri Mam. I took the time to find Bharathi Mam's cabin so that I can have her sign the damn 
    letters for students assisting with Dept. decor. and participating in Flash Mob. Only Mam wasn't there at the moment. Bummer.

    Met Gayatri Mam on the way back down to the classroom. Turns out I sent the attendance for the past two days to Gayatri the classmate instead
    Gayatri Mam the faculty. That was embarassing.

    So she came down to our class, and since a lot of the class strength were not present Mam didn't start with her course syllabus but instead 
    asked some questions on DC topics for a while an djust talked with students still present. She actually made Vamsi sings a couple songs. I'd 
    forgotten that pure lyrical songs were also pretty awesome. A couple Seniors came by again for campaigning their events.

    The last hour was just a library hour which meant that it was completely free. So I just played some chess, and scrolled Instagram for lack of 
    anything better to do. I also met the HOD to speak about the students going about for decorations or dance practice.

    Sir was rightfully skeptical of how many students that included and asked me to get the letters signed by my class teacher and the Fest 
    Coordinator.

    Didn't do much after that. Just got off with my friends to catch the busses and chatted until it was time to go. The busses didn't start until
    4:45PM or so. I don't know why but damn were they late.

    Most of the ride home, I took a nap for, but I played enough chess games to safely say that I am on a losing streak. Most of those are also 
    because of obvious misplays that I did know were bad but slipped my hand on. It was so frustrating.

    I came home, unpacked showered, indulged the desires of my flesh and sat down to watch YouTube videos. One of them was about an alternative to
    the linux 'cd' command that intrigued me and another about a tool that is useful for managing dotfiles. It got me to look into tmux, which 
    stands for Terminal Multiplexer and damn is it awesome.

    After that I surfed some forums and checkout some new fics. Then I started a workout session.

    I managed 3 push ups, 10 knee push ups, 5 slanted push ups, 2 sets of 15 of jump squats, 2 sets of 10 of biceps curls into overhead lifts with a 
    5kg weights and a couple seconds of reverse plank. I should try the side plank. And just do more planks in general.

    I'd asked Mom and Dad to cook something earlier and they'd made Upma so I went to eat that. I diced some onions for Dad to cook with first.

    I ate a bunch of the Upma so I decided I would eat a light and late dinner.

Fri Feb 16 06:59:40 IST 2024
    It's just about 7:00AM so I better get going. I'll finish this up in the evening. 

Fri Feb 16 18:42:53 IST 2024
    Ohoy there. I am back to finish this and it is now the evening of the 16th. 

    The rest of the evening was just watching YouTube, playing some chess, eating that light dinner at 11:15PM, trading some movie recommendations
    with Praneeth and watching the new episode of 7th Time Loop.

    And then I started this log and cut it short at 12:35AM to go to sleep.

    With this the log for the 15th is finished.

Fri Feb 16 18:47:35 IST 2024
    fin.