Sun Feb 18 00:49:41 IST 2024
    Today was an interesting day. Not very much so since I stayed home the whole time but considering that it was especially so. You know what? 
    That's BS. I'm just saying this for lack of any ideas on how to start this log. So let's jus tget on with it. It's getting late anyway and I 
    want to finish this before going to sleep.

    I learned a lot about the shell and more about Vim today.

    I woke up at, oh, 9:10AM or something like that. I don't remember. I got out of bed, brushed my teeth, did my morning routine. Got on the PC 
    for while, waiting for Mom to finish with her cleaning up and what not. Checked out some Linux CLI tools. Then I went for a shower. I managed 
    to resist the temptation of my flesh but only just.
    
    I spent the morning finishing the vimtutorial built-in that apparently comes with all Linux Distros. At least I assume it does, since Vim is 
    available on almost all versions of GNU/Linux OS Distros. Oh I also failed to configure my tmux such that the command history from all windows 
    and panes is saved and available to me. 

    I also started configuration for basic Vim.

Sun Feb 18 01:30:28 IST 2024    
    I'm feeling very sleepy right now so I'm just head to bed and get to this tomorrow morning. I swear it won't take all day to finish this like it
    did the last time I skipped out on it.

Sun Feb 18 09:29:30 IST 2024
    Okay I'm back. Let's finish this.

    So it's about 12:00AM and I'm here trying to work with tmux and Vim and then Mom has me go out to the other side of the house to help cook 
    lunch. She then proceeded to trap me there as she had our servants work on cleaning. This is just so infuriatingly frustrating about her.

    So I helped cook lunch, tried to do some exercise but wasn't really in the mood for it. Took a short nap instead. Ate my lunch after I was 
    finally released to go to the other room. Dad came home from his morning shift, his only one for today. I think he went back out do some errands
    again and came home sometime later. I don't remember where or when.

    I found out sound mixers on Amazon are expensive. Watched a bunch of YouTube videos, played some chess, checked out an LLM for code suggestions,
    auto-complete and debugging. 

    I really need to make writing the logs a more incremental thing since I think I've forgotten a bunch of stuff I did after lunch. Probably some 
    more playing around with tmux and Vim for sure. Who knows about the rest...?

    I do remember Mom being very frustrating when she didn't listen to what I told her about how whatsapp messages work when she wanted to send out 
    invitations for the housewarming party. She just didn't get it, like she wasn't even listening to what I was saying.

    I read a new chapter of Zenith Of The Stars. It was a slower chapter than usual. Checked out a couple other things.

    Tried to get tmux command history saving to work again. Did not succeed. So I just watched YouTube videos afterwards. Came across this really 
    cool algorithm for generating prime numbers written by Edsger Dijkstra. I'm going to implement it in Rust.

    Helped with cooking dinner. Mom and Dad made Roti's for themselves but we forgot to cook rice. So I ate dinner quite late. Did some research 
    on what this new Mojo Language that I was hearing all about. It is apparently a faster Python. My first thought was just that Julia existed.

    It wasn't until I watched a Primeagen video hearing what he had to say about it that I learned that it was actually a superset of Python, that 
    just has some extra syntax. If it does that, and does it well, and delivers on its promises of a similar run-time speed to systems-level 
    languages like Rust then it will blow everything else out of the water.

    I also learned that most existing languages and by extension the software built on them do not make efficient use of the hardware they run. 
    Mostly the concurrency support and features of modern processors. It's because writing code that does that is simply to cumbbersome in the words
    of the Primeagen himself. And after looking at some code for it, I agree. 

    Mojo has built-in support for that so it's write faster code. It's also built-in a new modern compiler tool-chain called ML-IR which is 
    supposedly better than the one that most compilers run on now which is the LLVM tool-chain. Both are, however, made or spear-headed by the same 
    developer, only at different times and levels of experience.

Sun Feb 18 11:08:38 IST 2024
    Mojo is to Python, what TypeScript is to JavaScript. Existing experts just have to learn a little extra stuff to massively increase the speed 
    and performance of their code and it's easy to improve upon existing software without running into a Multi-Language problem seamlessly. It's 
    still a project very much in it's infancy though.

    Also, Tail Call Optimization is very difficult to achieve in Rust due to ownership and borrow rules. The later are also a feature of Mojo 
    though it does not have the drawback in the former. I checked out some more Linux commands and looked up more about the above and called it 
    a day afterwards. Went to sleep around 1:20AM.

    It took a significant portion of the day to write the previous days log. I wrote it incrementally over the course of the day.
    
    I procrastinated on writing the log again. Did not do a proper workout. No studying of any kind. No communication with friends. But anyway, 
    that's the 17th. 

Sun Feb 18 11:19:33 IST 2024
    fin.