Mon Feb 19 00:08:24 IST 2024
    Okay, it's way too late and I have to sleep so I'll write this log tomorrow morning. This better not become a habit for me. Again.

Mon Feb 19 06:42:25 IST 2024
    Hola~! Good morning to myself from the past. But as you can see on the timestamp, it's already very late so this log ain't gonna get finished
    now. I'll write as much of it as I can now and the rest... I'll figure it out. I have ideas. But this will be done today.

    I woke up at basically 8:00AM. Went through my morning routine, showered after Mom let me have the bathroom, etc..,. I sat down and watced a 
    bunch of YouTube. Mom asked if I was open to driving off in Srikakulam and I told her I was game.

    The problem though was that Dad woke up pretty late and didn't have enough time to cook anything this morning before he had to hit his early 
    morning shift that he got assigned for this Sunday.

    So, of course, she wakes Praneeth up to take him. If you don't trust me to do something, don't ask about it in the first place you damn HAG.

    I helped out in the kitchen and did some other chores Mom tasked me for an hour.

Mon Feb 19 07:01:30 IST 2024
    I need to go.

Mon Feb 19 22:38:21 IST 2024
    Getting back to this log much later than when I wanted to do this. But I can't change the past so let's just deal with it.

    So, okay where was I? Right Mom and Praneeth left sometime after that. Dad dropped by to unlock the door for them. I ate the dal we cooked for 
    lunch. It was pretty bland since there was no curry, but I did not say anything since it would never amount to much.

    I watched a ton of YouTube shorts and videos. Found out there exists an Odin programming language that is mainly for web dev, I think, that is 
    completely separate from the Odin Project which looked like a web-dev courses and training platform.

    Spent a couple hours consuming pleasure stimulating video content on the Internet. I need to stop doing it and find a fucking therapist.

    Mon Feb 19 23:07:03 IST 2024
    After I got off that, I coded a simple implementation of a Generic singly-linked list in C.

    Learned how LaTeX works. It's... how do I put? Basically uses regular expressions to write mathematical and scientific notations in plain text.
    That one video thumbnail about LaTeX and NeoViim makes more sense now.

    Tons more YouTube videos and shorts were watched. Helped Dad cook dinner after he came back from his shift at like 6:00PM or something. I don't 
    remember when he came back at all honestly. All I is that he dropped by in the afternoon some around 3:20PM for lunch which I set for him. 
    Actually no he got it himself and told me to tell Mom that I did it.

    Played a couple matches of chess. I can't seem to break out of the 700s. Made and drank a glass of coffee.

    Did a moderately intense workout. 1 set of 10 of biceps curls with 5kg weights into overhead lifts proceeded by a deep squat. With the weight on.
    1 set of 10 of jump squats. 1 set of 10 of biceps curls with 5kg weights into overhead lifts. 10 knee push ups. 5 slanted push ups. 4- 5 proper
    push ups. Not in that order, but all of the above I did though I may have missed something.

    I was quite sweaty so I took a shower. Ate dinner of paneer + capsicum curry and dal. It was delicious and I loved it. Praneeth came back from 
    having dropped Mom off at like 10:30PM or something.

    I solved a problem for FLAT. And wrote some notes for CN and went to bed by 12:30AM. I was held up by the new chapter of High Tide that'd just 
    dropped. I wouldn't be able to read it in the morning since I wanted to be writing this so I read it before going to bed.
    
Mon Feb 19 23:23:38 IST 2024
    And finally I am done. The 18th has been logged to the best of my ability. Done.

    fin.