Mon Feb 19 19:37:07 IST 2024
    Ohoy there! Good evening. I'm writing the log early today. I also have to finish writing yesterdays log, so I want to finish this one quickly.

    I woke today at 5:30AM on the dot. Proceeded to wake Dad. Did my morning routine and let Dad go into the shower first. Meanwhile, I did some 
    morning exercise. Two Sun Salutations, as I learned you could call it, 5 Dand push-ups, and 10 deep squats. I would later in the evening i.e., 
    now, learn that I did the Dand completely wrong.

Mon Feb 19 20:06:19 IST 2024
    Stop getting sidetracked and get to work!

    HOoo! Okay, so I went into the shower after I had enough of that morning exercise, whereup I succumbed to the temptation of my flesh. After I 
    came out, I cut up and salted the eggs I put on boil earlier for breakfast. I ate it as I wrote as much of the log for the previous day that I 
    procrastinated on. Also helped Dad hang up some laundry. 

    I left that midway since it was 7:00PM and I had to go out and catch my bus to campus. I packed, dressed, drank my coffee and was out the door.

    On the bus I browsed through the reddit thread of a new game engine written in Rust called Bevy. Maintaining Open-Source projects seems hard.
    Read through some forums looking for updates, there weren't any. No new manga release either. So I just slept the rest of the way through.

Mon Feb 19 20:18:42 IST 2024
    I just realised that I haven't shared the days attendance with the concerned faculty. I need to do that. I will as soon as I am done with this.

    So I walked to the classroom once the bus dropped us off on campus grounds with Unravel playing in earpods. Damn I love that song.

    The first class of the day was PSQT with Suryanarayana sir. I listened diligently since he is always worth listening to and makes me want to 
    listen. He also asked me to share the hours' attendance with him which I have yet to do.

    The 2nd class of the day was OS with a substitute teacher, whose name I do not know, since apparently Sravanthi was still on leave. She left us 
    mostly alone as long as were not too loud with instructions to read about the Shell commands that we were told about in previous classes. I just 
    browsed the Internet for that and went through the 'art of command line' repo on GitHub.

    The 3rd class of the day was MPI with Shiv Kumar sir. I notice we have 2 Kumars' teaching us this Semester. Anyway he just asked some intro 
    questions about processors on a daily basis and where *we* might have seen them and how we think they worked. Drew a Pin diagram for the 8085
    Micro-Processor chip and labeled it. That was all for his class.

    The fourth class was CG with Ravi Kumar sir. He's annoying to listen to, especially with the way he drags out his h's and th's. Makes me cringe.
    He dictated some notes most which made go 'Seriously?'. Harsith bugged a lot to make drop my usual laissez faire attitude since he remembered 
    this sir being someone who easily took offence to that. I only half-disregarded it.

    Lunch I enjoyed immensly since the curry was my favourite, Paneer and capsicum cooked by Dad. Abhishek came around and stole a piece but I won't 
    begrudge him that too much since the curry was just that good. I thought to do some things during lunch but I forgot about them.

    The next period was FLAT with Bharathi Mam where she discussed another couple of problems on DFA's. Not much else to say here.

    Next was a lab session. Specifically an OS lab session for my batch. The first workstation I sat with ran fucking Windows and had no internet.
    So I switched places with one of my classmates for workstation running Ubuntu. Though I ended not using its terminal much at all.

    I spent the lab session practicing Vim by doing Rust in it. Vim is hard. Sidenote: Usha Bala was the one who minded us for the first half-hour 
    of the lab. Scared a couple of my classmates. And yeah she is a scary person.

    Before the lab started I turned in all the money my classmates handed me as Fest contribution over the Senior who is in-charge of that stuff.

Mon Feb 19 20:43:15 IST 2024
    I remembered what I wanted to do during the lunch break that I forgot about. Got talked out of doing it at that by Harsith telling me it might 
    be too late to do that and catch the busses. It was buying Lab record and observations books for the Semester by the way.

    So we walked straight to the busses while we chatted. We parted ways there. I wanted to talk to Harsith before they started the busses but I 
    couldn't find him. Well, I tried.

    On the way back home, I won a game of chess, and just scrolled through some Instagram and forums. My earpods died on me so I had no music, which
    irritated me. I napped the rest of the duration of the ride.
    
Mon Feb 19 20:51:00 IST 2024
    I got into the house with my spare key. Mom seems to not have made it home yet. So I dropped off my bag, picked up the keys to Verna and headed
    back out to get some food.

    I drove to Sai Ram Parlour and got myself and a plate of Upma and Ravva dosa. It cost me 99/-. Not bad at all.  I checked how much money I had 
    left in bank account. I had 8k left. I need to check on my transaction history, damn it.

    Looking around how some people conducted themselves outdoors as I walked back to the car after I finished eating, I really sympathised with 
    Mom's obsession with cleanliness. 

    On the way back home, I drove around to the Railway station close by just to drive a little longer. It was almost 7:00PM by the time I made it 
    back home. And Dad had still not made it back home.

    I unpacked my things, undressed, and hung up clothes to keep them for tomorrow. Didn't want to make too much laundry. Then I hit the shower.
    I also indulged in pleasure. Again. I need to muster up some discipline and resist. Dad came home while I was in the shower and let Praneeth go
    out to the gym.

    I got out of the shower, dried off, made myself a glass of coffee, and sat down to write today's log first.

Mon Feb 19 21:01:11 IST 2024
    Which I have finished as of now. Got sidetracked by some YouTube videos and Dad asking me to do some chores but I got it done. I need to go 
    write the log for the 18th.

    Forgot to mention it, but they dug out the road near the entrance to our street. Dad says a wall is going to be raised there to keep out 
    vandals. If it does fully block out everybody, then I'm going to have to circle around the whole block in the mornings.
    
    Also, Dad just went out again to buy some oil since we ran out. He came back just now though and wants me to come dice some vegetables.

    I'll come back to this log before I go to sleep. 

Mon Feb 19 22:46:51 IST 2024
    I noticed that my filter for expletives has loosened quite bit these days. I Wonder why.    

Tue Feb 20 00:21:14 IST 2024
    I wrote a section of the 18th's log here and commited it. Now I have to write another commit for that.

    Anyway, what I did after that previous entry? Well just now I had some extra food. Rice, dal and curry. I shouldn't have but I couldn't help it.

    I watched the new episode of 7th Time Loop and finished the log for the 18th. Commited some changes to dotfiles repo and pushed it. And watched
    more YouTube. Oh also Mom is back. And she is not having fun.

    I am going to sleep now since it's already so late. Goodnight. And God Bless.

Tue Feb 20 00:26:47 IST 2024
    fin.
