Tue Feb 20 23:35:22 IST 2024
    Hah... I feel so tired. I just ate so and am currently not interested in doing anything but sleeping. But here I am, diligently writing my log.
    *Sigh* Let's get this over with.

    So I woke up right on time at 5:30AM like yesterday. I put milk and eggs up, had to wash some utensils for that, woke Dad up, brushed my teeth,
    ate honey, drank water, you know, the usual. '

    Dad went into the shower first. Meanwhile, I did some morning exercise. 5 proper Hindu push up, 10 deep squats, and 2 reps of Sun Salutations.

Tue Feb 20 23:53:34 IST 2024
    Screw this. I'm going to sleep. I can finish this tomorrow morning or whatever.

Wed Feb 21 19:42:52 IST 2024
    It's the evening of the 21st now. And I feel pretty out of it in terms of my mood. But I want to finish this log.

    After the exercise, I showered, probably gave in to the impulse of my flesh and cursed myself for it. Ate salted, boiled eggs for breakfast 
    while I watched some YouTube videos and shorts. 

    I left to catch the bus after packing up and drinking my coffee. On the way there, I see that the Railway people are really gonna fully wall off
    our streets exit onto the main road. I'm really gonna have to go all the way around the block or climb the wall afterwards. Not looking forward
    to that.

    On the bus, I was my usual silent self. Went through the forums I'm on, played some chess, tried catch up on some sleep with naps, searched for
    a part-time job as librarian in the city. Failed to catch some sleep, and found out there are very few libraries in the city and none of them
    seem to be hiring.

    Got campus and had a calm walk to the classroom that I filled with some energetic music to wake me up. Nothing of note happend in the classroom
    before the start of the days lectures.

    The first class of the day was CN with Gayatri Mam. She had us move over to the adjacent classroom so she could use the projector working there
    to teach her class. We ended up using the classroom for the rest of the morning.
    
    Her class for today was about brief overview of the OSI models layers, the components associate with each one, how it differs from the TCP/IP 
    suite, the basics of hubs, switches, and routers. She also made me take attendance which was... not an experience I enjoyed but I did it 
    without complaint. Though probably not very effectively.

    The next 2 periods were PSQT with Suryanarayana Sir. Sir taught us the Bayes' Theorem and we solved some problems on that. One thing I have to 
    say is that Sir sometimes dictates like he's a priest reciting mantras and it is iaconically and iconicly hilarious.

    The final hour before lunch was FLAT with Bharathi Mam. We discussed a couple more problems on DFA's for it and then were let go for lunch.

    After being dismissed, I handed in the days attendances to the concerned faculty. I went out to the campus store to get the Semesters' Record
    and observation books but the store staff were busy with loading in their merch and were closed. They said it would take 15 minutes or so 
    before they could get it for me.

    I decided to not wait and went back to the class to eat lunch. It can already be guessed that I forgot about it.

    I played some chess while eating the eggplant curry rice that Dad saved from yesterdays dinner. Searched for a couple more libraries and part-
    time job opportunities on the Internet. I finished early and scrolled Instagram or what have you until time was up.

    We went down to the Lab for 2 periods of CRT with Lokeswari Mam. She gave us a couple problems to solve and this time, I got all of them. Though
    admittedly, they markedly easier than the ones from the last time.

    Most students left at 2:40PM but the ones for whom Lokeswari Mam was mentor stayed until 3:10PM for counselling with her. She inquired how 
    classes were going and the state of the syllabus completion and our opinion of the faculty and the course subjects.

    Harsith, Veerandra and I stayed back talking to her until 3:30PM. We went back to class for while so that Harsith could talk about the 
    presentation he wanted to do for one of the campus Tech-Fest events. 
    
    I went over to the faculty floor in the Civil Dept. building to hand in our COIPR project thing. The corresponding faculty's cabin was locked.
    So I had wasted my time and energy climbing 5 floors for nothing. 

    I went back to class, and told Harsith that he was the one who has to turn it in now. The topic he chose for his presentation thing was the 
    birth and life of planet earth. He was explaining some myths and facts related to that to Veerandra, Akhilesh and Bhasha when I'd gotten back.

    It was almost 4:05PM so we packed it up for the day. Veerandra went back to his room, and the rest of us walked to the busses. We went off to 
    our separate busses when we got there.

    On the ride home, I read the new chapter of that web-toon I binged the other week called Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. And a new chapter for 
    that other web-toon I binged. And then the new chapter of an awesome naruto fanfic.

    On the walk home I realized said walk is definitely gonna get longer and I did not appreciate that.    

Wed Feb 21 20:47:35 IST 2024
    Damn it, I'm still on this log almost an hour later.

    Anyway, I got home, which was locked so I let myself in with my spare key. I unpacked and showered quickly. I indulged in my flesh again.

    Made myself some coffee. I called Dad to get me an Upma and Raava dosa for dinner when they got back. The laptops battery was dead and Praneeth
    was using the charger and table to work so I just sat on the bed and scrolled Instagram and browsed on one of the phones. 

    Did some exercise. 2 sets of 10 of biceps curls with 5kg weights into overhead lifts proceeded by a deep squat, 2 sets of push ups until failure
    and rounding off the set with knee push ups. A minute and half of planking, and some stretching for my shoulders.

    Praneeth went out to the gym around 8:00PM. I finally got my place setup back. Watched a bunch of YouTube videos and read a chapter of a fic on 
    AH, and then found this course for data structures and algorithms. Spent the rest of the night working on that. It was mostly on concepts that I
    already knew, so I skipped straight to the problems. Most of which were just straight from LeetCode.

    Mom and Dad came home around 10:40PM. They did bring the food I asked for. So I got done with dinner by 11:20PM. Praneeth apparently didn't put
    the lock on the door when he left for the gym so Mom was extremely pissed about that. Not that I cared about her arguments.

    I went to sleep at around 12:00PM after doing some chores for the parents.

Wed Feb 21 21:12:00 IST 2024
    And with that the log for the 20th is finally done.

    fin.
    