Wed Feb 21 21:13:47 IST 2024
    *Sigh* I wonder how long this will take. 

Thu Feb 22 19:08:02 IST 2024
    I'm making a habit of this, procrastinating on the log until the next day. This will not do at all. But my pinkies hurt doing it too. Whatever.

    I got woke by Dad at 6:00AM today. I considered not going to college and just sleeping in. But I decided against it and got myself out of bed.

Thu Feb 22 20:33:33 IST 2024
    It was late, so I frantically brushed my teeth, drank water and honey, and hit the shower. Came out cold and quickly. 

    Diced and salted the eggs Dad boiled for me for breakfast. Managed to eat all of it though I did cut it close. Watched some YouTube videos as i
    ate. But, I'd forgotten that our street being is walled off now and I didn't know if I could use that path this morning.

    I packed up everything, got dressed and out of the house. Luckily, the wall still wasn't raised high enough that I couldn't just walk over with
    a little bit of jumping over things. So I didn't have to go all the way around and managed to make it in time to catch the bus like usual.

    On the ride to campus, I spent most of the time reading through a thread on reddit about a new Open-Source game engine called Bevy that is being
    developed in Rust. It was informative read. People are doing some great shit on Rust. I played a game of chess too and dozed off a little.

    On the way to the classroom, I ran into Bhavya from IT and we did a little catching up and promised to talk some more. I passed by Harsith 
    again today. I don't know why I don't just tell him that or talk to him on the way. 
    
    Maybe I just wanted the time on the walk to be mine alone? But that's not true since I stopped to talk with Bhavya. I'm not gonna psychoanalyze 
    my social anxiety right now though. I'll figure it out later.

    I looked up Google's Gemini chatbot when I got to the classroom. It seems to be almost as powerful as ChatGPT or even better.

    We start off the day with an MPI class with Shiv Kumar Sir. He's taking it really slow for these first few classes. For that class, he just 
    drew a pretty big diagram of the architecture for the 8085 Micro-Processor while explaining some it's basics. He finished off by asking us to
    practice drawing it out on own a couple times which most of us aren't going to do. I should do it. I will in the future.

    The next period was CG with the obnoxious Ravi Kumar Sir. He just dictated a bunch of notes on the video display devices. Mainly the Cathode
    Ray Tubes. It was dry and a grammatical nightmare. Also I have to re-draw the diagram he drew for the more detailed one he drew just before 
    the end of the class, which is a tedious task.

    This was followed by a FLAT with Bharathi Mam. I quite like this class. Mam introduced a new model of problems on DFAs that we have to solve 
    and started us on NFAs. I haven't caught up on the notes for that yet, even now. 

Thu Feb 22 21:01:03 IST 2024
    The last period before lunch was CN with Gayatri Mam. Who seems to be unusually humourous these days. Probably just holding off until the end 
    of the Tech-Fest month, after which she'll start drilling us like slaves.

    Lunch I ate in the cafeteria today since we had nothing leftover from last night and no time or the groceries to cook something fresh in the 
    morning. I ordered myself a Veg Thali, which now cost 120/- as opposed to 110/- and came without a paneer curry. Like, seriously?

    I saw Shreya and her probably-boyfriend eating with some their friends. I really should have sat somewhere I couldn't see them. It made feel 
    quite alone.

    The thought occured to me that I am very starved for genuine praise. Because as I was eating and I had a 'spoon dropped the food but I did not 
    notice' moment and I'm sure I had a pretty confused face on. And I wanted someone to call me cute for it. Preferably a significant other. I 
    really need to go to therapy.

    Since we had the entire afternoon off today I stayed in the cafeteria until 1:10PM and then headed back to the classroom. I used Harsith laptop
    to refactor some code for a LeetCode problem, while he played FreeFire with rest of the gang. He took it back afterwards to make his 
    presentation for one of the Fest events.

    I helped him with it and passed some time. Mostly I just critiqued it. I went to the store and finally bought the record and observations books 
    for the Semester. Did some boilerplate work on them, and decided to really work on them the next week.

    I'd ran out of mobile Internet data balance so I had very slow Internet connection, so I just took a nap for, like, a half hour to 45 minutes.
    I looked through the events for the Tech-Fest and their dates and realized it's pointless for me to sign up for most of them since I will be in
    Srikakulam for the 26th, 27th and 28th and likely the 29th as well for the Housewarming event. Which is when most of the events are conducted.

    We wrapped up and left the classroom at 4:00PM. Veerandra went back to his room. The rest of us went to catch the busses and we chatted along 
    the way. I dropped off my bag in the bus and came out to talk with Harsith some more. We parted ways when the busses started.

    Since my Internet connection was too slow for anything other than Spotify, I just put on the music and slept the whole way home.

    I was able to use the usual path still for today on the walk home. Mom and Dad were out and had taken Praneeth's car. Apparently they went to 
    check out things at the Sky Park condo. They got home very late so Praneeth did not go to the gym.

    Although he seemed to be swamped in work to be able to go regardless. I got home, into the house with my spare key as usual, unpacked, undressed
    and showered. I indulged in pleasure the second time for the day too. FML with immense feeling.

    I made myself a glass of coffee with some of old milk in the refridgerator and sat down on the bed with my laptop since Praneeth was still 
    using the table for his work. Thankfully, the PC was fully charged today. Watched some YouTube videos, went through forums, and wrote the log 
    for the 20th with lots of sidetracking involved.

    My body was achy all over sitting on the bed, so I relocated to the table in the main hall room for a while. Mom and Dad came home around 9:30PM
    and I being in that side of the house, did some more chores for them. Finally, finished the log for the 20th and by god did it take so long. I 
    took over 2 hours to write!

Thu Feb 22 21:36:13 IST 2024
    I went back to my usual place once Praneeth vacated it to go take a shower, finally. Got to working on a LeetCode problem with Stacks. Got a 
    solution past all the tests, but it had way too much run-time and memory usage. So I refactored it to use linked list instead which had even 
    higher numbers for both. So I ChatGPT'd for optimizations. Turns out, optimal performance can be achieved by a more verbose, class-like 
    implementation of the struct for the Stack type.

    I also watched the new episode of 7th Time Loop too. Skipped out on the workout for today. Did no morning exercise either. And did not write 
    the days log. Terrible evening all around.

    I ate dinner doing that refactoring and anime. By the time I was finished it was past midnight. So I wrapped it up and headed off to bed. Did 
    some more chores for Mom before I did.

    That's all for the 21st. I'm gonna piece out to eat dinner now, on the 22nd which is when I'm writing this, and write the log for the 22nd.

Thu Feb 22 21:39:43 IST 2024
    fin.