Fri Feb 23 22:06:56 IST 2024
    Damn it, there was nothing here. My memory of this day is already fuzzy. *sigh* Alright, I'll see what I can remember.

    I'm pretty sure I woke up on time today at 5:40PM today. Got through all the usual morning stuff. Showered, probably indulged in pleasure. Ate
    salted boiled eggs for breakfast and skipped the morning exercise. Did some code refactoring as I ate.

    Drank my coffee, packed up, dressed and went out to catch the bus. Was still able to use the usual path. Hopefully, I could do the same in the
    evening and tomorrow too, if I'm lucky. (I was able to do that, yes)

    On the bus, I read the new chapter of Oshi no Ko. Probably scrolled some Instagram and napped a bunch. I don't remember clearly anymore.

    We had a full day of classes today. Starting with FLAT with Bharathi Mam who was already waiting in the classroom when I made it there. 

Sat Feb 24 01:00:37 IST 2024
    Fuck it. I'll come back to this tomorrow morning. Or today morning. The morning of the 24th.

Sat Feb 24 09:00:17 IST 2024
    So I'm back. Let's finish this before I have to go take a shower.

    So FLAT class, we did some problems on NFA, and conversion of NFA to DFA and some other stuff. That was about it.

    The next 2 periods were both OS with Sravanthi Mam. She didn't take much of a class since she wanted/needed a projector to show some stuff 
    while teaching. Most of one of the hours, she left us to our own devices as long as we were not too loud. I wrote some notes for CN, or just 
    talked some with my friends. She dictated some notes after a while about concepts of the OS subject.

    This was followed by a class of PSQT with Suryanarayan sir. We discussed a couple more problems on Bayes' Theorem and Theorem of Probability.

    We breaked for lunch. Mine was a paneer capsicum curry made by Dad. Dad had some saved up from last night. I need to appreciate my father more.
    Be more patient with him. It's the least I could do. I played some chess, talked with friends, went down some reddit threads and the like.

Sat Feb 24 11:47:49 IST 2024
    I got distracted again.

    After lunch, we had MPI with Shiv Kumar Sir. It was light class about the registers used in the 8085 Micro-Processors.

Sat Feb 24 12:17:47 IST 2024
    I just can't stick to this, can I?

    So the period after that was CN with Gayatri Mam. She explained switching techniques. I paid as much attention to her lecture as I could 
    because this a topic that I really wanted to know more about and know it well. She left us a bunch of worl to do.

    The last period before we were finished for the day was CG with Ravi Kumar Sir. He dictated more notes on video display devices. Boring class.

    The final period today was a Sports session in the time table. Meaning we were free to do whatever. We stayed in class talking for a little bit
    before Harsith and I went to the cafeteria to get something to eat. We got ourselves a plate of chicken fried rice and chatted. 

Sat Feb 24 14:52:46 IST 2024
    We ate and left to catch the bus home. On the bus home, I scrolled some Instagram probably, played a couple games of chess, and slept.

    Was able to walk home easily enough by getting around the wall on the way. I got in through my spare key. Praneeth left to go out as I came in.
    Dad also came in just then so he left the door open for him. I think that's how it went. I don't remember clearly. Which is what happens when
    I write my logs two days late.

Sat Feb 24 15:00:07 IST 2024
    I unpacked, undressed and showered. Did some code refactoring. Played some chess. Watched a lot of YouTube videos. Went through the forums and 
    other stuff I keep track of for updates. Played around with my WSL setup for a bit.

    The rest of the folks came home late, 11:00PM I think it was. I had to help Dad in the kitchen with cooking dinner. Went to bed at 12:00PM. 

    I could not catch any sleep until almost 2:00AM between Mom's shouting, her refusing to turn off the light shining down on my face and the 
    sudden increase in temperature. 

    That's about all I remember about the 22nd with a good degree of clarity. So I'm going to end it here. Might include updates if I remember
    something else, but it is going to be commited afterwards.

Sat Feb 24 15:07:58 IST 2024
    fin.

