Fri Feb 23 06:14:58 IST 2024
    Today is off to a shitty start. There's no eggs. I barely slept more than 3 hours. I'm decently sure that I have to circle the block to get to
    the main road on the way to the bus stop.

    At least I woke up on time, somehow, despite not being able to go to sleep until 2:10AM in the night. The weather suddenly got way too warm. 
    Also Mom just would not shut up and refused to turn off the light in the room. I'm pretty sure I have heavy bags under my eyes.

    I brushed my teeth, drank honey and water and went ahead into the shower. Dad had been woken by the alarm just a couple minutes after me. The 
    shower itself was pretty shitty. Had to clean up my bum a lot since it did not come down properly.

    I got out, toweled off, drank my coffee, and started on this log. I still have to write the 22nd's log. I didn't do it last night. 

Fri Feb 23 06:31:31 IST 2024
    I just looked up if I can SSH into my own machine from other networks. I probably can, but it might be too complicated to do right now.

    Anyway, I have to go to the bus stop. I'm leaving early so I can there in time even if I have go all the way around the block. I'll write the 
    22nd's log in the morning. 

Fri Feb 23 06:33:44 IST 2024
    See ya.

Fri Feb 23 20:33:26 IST 2024
    The wall was lower on the right side. I was able to just climb over it casually. So I was able to get to the bus stop early. So I ate a light 
    breakfast of a plate of puri from the nearby Tiffin stall. Caught the bus with no troubles. I've successfully gotten through the week. I'll 
    deal with the rest of them as they come.

    On the ride to campus, I scrolled through Instagram, some forums checking for updates and just reading comments, and going through some web 
    articles. Then I revisited an ATLA fic that was an old favorite for me. Embers is one of the best written stories I've read.

    The medical campus of our college was using the grounds out back for their own campus Fest so the busses stopped a bit farther back so we had 
    a longer walk than usual.

    I went to the classroom hoping to have a talk with Harsith and apologize that I won't be making it to the Project Expo event this evening since
    I'll be in the workshop the whole day.

Fri Feb 23 20:53:57 IST 2024
    Sorry, got sidetracked. I have to write the yesterday's log after this too, so I better get back to it. It's almost 9:00PM.

    So Harsith wasn't in the classroom. Meaning I was earlier. I walked back out and camped near the IT Dept. building hoping to catch him on his
    way to the classroom. But I guess I passed him by. I hung out with Lokesh a bit before we went up to the lab the workshop was going to be held
    in. It was on the very top floor of the building. Climbing to it was not fun.

    It did have air conditioning though, so there was a silver lining.

Fri Feb 23 21:05:19 IST 2024
    Had to go do some chores for Mom. Back now.

Fri Feb 23 21:29:56 IST 2024
    Got sidetracked again. This time by Vim configuration. Also Lokesh is apparently in Logical Minds and asked for my help to solve one of its 
    problems. So I did that. I'm pretty sure I got it right. It bore great similarity to a problem Harsith spoke to me about yesterday.

    I sat with Lokesh and tried to setup WSL on his PC as they started the workshop. It was not working. My attempts with WSL on the PC and the 
    workshop both. The LAN we used to get an Internet connection seems to have come with some access limitations. Had to get a VPN to get around it.
    It still didn't work.

    So I just switched to over to my GitHub Codespaces. The concepts explained in the workshop were stuff I already had some passing familiarity 
    with like stock market terminologies and such. Most of it was just fluff. 

    I went through the code they shared from yesterday's session and ran it because I was bored. It took some doing, like installing some new 
    dependencies and stuff. But I got it to work. I was able to get the code running. The script was pretty neat. Though it was formatted badly.

    I practiced a bit of Vim too. Then we took a break for lunch after the boring theory session. Apparently, I'd lost the permission letters for 
    the decoration and flash mob participant students' attendance. Thankfully, Nikitha found them where I lost them. She also gave me another
    letter for the attendance of our classmates who were attending this workshop to get it signed by Bharathi Mam and HOD sir.

    I went back to our classroom to eat lunch. But first, I went to meet Bharathi Mam to get her signature on that letter. HOD sir was apparently 
    in a meeting with the Principal so I couldn't get his. 

    I ate lunch. Talked with Harsith a little, though he was mostly busy with his FreeFire match. Played some chess. Finished my lunch. A lot of the 
    class was either in decorations or flash mob or the workshop so the rest left too to skip the afternoon classes.

    I talked with Bharathi Mam again and got back to the workshop. The afternoon session was mostly coding. An introduction to pandas in Python. 
    Retrieving data with APIs. Presenting it using matplotlib. Pretty basic stuff. I didn't listen to half of it cause I was too busy taking a nap
    or configuring my stuff on my codespaces.

    The workshop was, as whole, pretty boring and not at all what it was advertised as. It was a waste.

    We left the workshop at 4:10PM and went to the bus stop. Met up with my friends on the way. The busses were to start at 4:40PM so we found a 
    place to sit and killed some time. 

    We parted ways to get on our busses a while later. On the way home, I mostly just scrolled Instagram, checked for updates and read comments on
    AH. Read some articles about Python libraries. Lost a game of chess.

    On the walk back home, I was able to go through the usual path, by hopping over the still low section on the right of the wall blocking it the 
    way off.

    I opened the not-locked door to Mom sitting on the main room. Been a while since that happend. I unpacked, undressed, set door to open easily
    and went into the shower. Gave in to the temptation of physical pleasure.

Fri Feb 23 22:06:56 IST 2024
    Made myself some coffee. Warmed up Dad's tea. Ate the Upma Mom cooked up after I asked her for something to eat. Watchde a bunch of YouTube 
    videos.

    I finally started on today's log. The rest of the evening, I've already documented as I wrote the log up to this point. So I'm finally done with
    this log. Just have to update it before going to bed. I'll see me then. I have to go write yesterday's log now.

Sat Feb 24 01:01:38 IST 2024
    Let's finish this so I can go to sleep.

    So I added in some extra salt to the Upma and heated it up again. Dad and Praneeth came back in the meanwhile. I ate some dal rice and more 
    Upma for dinner.

    Praneeth was sneezing hard so I got him a Montelaukst. Watched a bunch of YouTube videos. Finished a couple of LeetCode Problems though they 
    were the ones we already did in DS class in college the previous Semester. So not sure how much they count.

    That's about it. I'm done with this log. I'm not finished with yesterdays but I'll get to first thing in the morning.

Sat Feb 24 01:07:02 IST 2024
    fin.
