Sun Feb 25 14:24:40 IST 2024
    I didn't write this yesterday. I have to not make this a habit. Though this entire following week I have to accept doing this as a compromise.

    Back to this log. I woke up at 8:20AM or so. Brushed my teeth and I think I totally forgot to eat honey. Possibly. I don't remember eating any 
    that morning. I sat with the computer and watched some YouTube videos for a while, checked out if anything I keep a watch on updated.

    I showered a while later. And I indulged in physical pleasure. Did some chores for Mom. 
    
    Spent a good portion of the morning writing up the logs I had pending. I got sidetracked doing it a lot. By YouTube, Mom asking me to do more 
    chores, just being uncomfortable, helping cook food in the kitchen and re-reading Embers on Ao3.

Sun Feb 25 16:44:47 IST 2024
    After that I did some coding and system configuration stuff.

    I think I did more chores by Mom's order. She and Praneeth had an arguement over something. I think it was over him having to do stuff for Mom
    over and over all the time or some stuff like that. 

    Around 4:30PM I went outside with Mom and Dad to attend Madhu Uncle's event. He was being Honored for something by an District level organsation
    that he's a member of or something like that. Had to take a pit stop nearby to buy him a gift. The venue for it was the Mantris Hotel which was
    were my class in 9th grade conducted our seniors farewell event.
    
    We met with our Aunt and cousins, the shortest in our generation, and took a picture with Uncle when he came back from the airport having just 
    received another guest of honor there.

    We wasted an hour and a half over that. Though I did get to read a new chapter of Zenith of Stars regardless. I'd forgotten that would update
    today. We managed to take a couple pictures with my cousin Rishitha as well.

Sun Feb 25 16:56:11 IST 2024
    We came back home around 7:00PM. I stayed near the door and saw Mom and Dad off to Srikakulam. They were going there ahead of us to make more
    preparations for the Housewarming event.

    I showered. Did not take pleasure in my flesh, though not for a lack of trying. I heated up the food we had cooked and ate an early dinner.

    Watched a bunch of YouTube videos. Finished that re-read of Embers. Consumed visually stimulating content. Did some more coding. Went to sleep
    just past 1:00AM.

    Praneeth went to the gym while I was eating dinner. He came back home and went out again, this time to the beach. Probably to hang out with 
    some friends.

Sun Feb 25 17:05:51 IST 2024
    This day got a surprisingly short log. Even though I'd had an outdoors excursion. It was a very boring day. 

    That's where I end this log. 

Sun Feb 25 17:07:23 IST 2024
    fin.
