Wed Feb 28 00:02:24 IST 2024
    So, I'm writing this log on the GitHub codespace from my Dad's Laptop. I'm in the Srikakulam house, one of the new ones on the 2nd floor. 

    This log is gonna feel so out of context and incomplete but it can't be helped. I'd forgotten to commit and push the logs for 24th and 
    25th. So I'll just write this from the most technical end of the day of the 25th. 

    Though there is very little disconnect between the 25th & 26th for me, since I did not sleep much at all between them.

    I got out of my light doze around 1:30PM or so. I don't remember clearly. I showered grumpily because this entire thing was irritating 
    to me. Got dressed in the ethnic dress I got for the Culturals of the IEEE events from Hyderabad.

    We got ready for the pooja. Entered the new house at exactly 3:14AM as per the ritual protocol. There was much ceremony and devout 
    prayers. Pantulus were involved. 

    I mostly stayed out of everyone's way, did what was asked of me and nothing more. Sat around and played chess, scrolled Instagram, 
    got back into polytopia.

    A consistent scenario I've observed myself falling into is that I always separate myself from the everyone else in the group I'm in. 
    Like an observer. There is a distance between me and them. No wonder I always feel so alone.

    An example would be during the Ganapathi pooja after the housewarming ceremony. I hid in the room right behind Mom and Dad perfroming the
    pooja rites. I'd literally put a door between me and them. Though this is kinda a bad example since I didn't want to be a part of that 
    group in the first place.

Wed Feb 28 00:21:05 IST 2024
    I basically babysat one my cousins, Aunt Kala's daughter Sahana, for most of the rest of the day. 

    When I greeted Lakshman Rao uncle(Pedananna) this morning I found myself thinking what to say to him. One of the thoughts that popped 
    up was that it was great to gather like this as family. 

    While I did not say as much to him, I wasn't so sure of it, I examined the sentiment in regards to my own feelings and found that I 
    certainly don't hate family gathering like this as such. The part that I do hate is everything else involved in it, the getting together
    part. And the vigilance of it drilled into me. It all comes back to Mother as it usually does. 

    I must also say that the mosquitoes here are a nightmare. Especially on my feet. Scratching them was not a very good option considering 
    how scummy they were getting.

    More guests started to come in which meant some of my cousins too. They made the entire day so much more bearable than I expected it 
    would be.    

    We had another Pooja, a Satyanrayana Swamy Ratam that took up some more hours. I had Upma, vadda and idly for breakfast. The catering was 
    actually great this time unlike last night.

Wed Feb 28 00:35:17 IST 2024
    I was one of the first people to eat lunch around 1:00PM. Everyone else was busy helping out with the logistics of the event. Mom was 
    handing out gifts to the guests and drafted cousins Rishitha and Vinutha and Aunt Uma to helping her.

    Rishitha will forever have my respect for being someone who just 'gets' Mom. A superwoman, that girl. Mom dragged me into it too once 
    I'd come down from the roof after eating lunch there.

    I talked with all of my relatives on the roof while they were eating lunch and ran some errands for Mom as she gave them out. It was fun.
    Aditya and Aishu remain my favorite cousins though I'm not going to be saying that to them or anyone for quite a while.

    With the support of most of my cousins and one of my most active and fun uncle's we made a dance reel. I did manage to escape. My dance
    was like that of an uncoordinated monkey in its heat.

    Aditya left to go back to Vizag in the afternoon since he had to go to college tomorrow. Aishu, Rishitha and Vinutha changed out of their
    Sarees at their homes and came back to the evening festivities or whatever in more comfortable clothes.

    In the evening, the cousins bullied me into doing some social media stuff, which I took in good humor since I am most definitely a hermit.
    Rishitha and Vinutha left early. Aishu and her side oft he family stayed well into the evening and had dinner with us.

    Dinner I had at around 9:10PM. At first it was only the same idly and vadda served to everyone else. But Dad and Praneeth got us all some
    takeout at Mom's insistence that she wanted to get Aunt Aruna, Aishu's Mom, something she would prefer to eat. So I got to stuff myself 
    with some decent Upma. 

    Another thing of note is that, cousin Sahana, nicknamed Amu, called my 'annaya' and it triggerred all of my fantasies of a little sister
    of own. I think I've mentioned this somewhere else in these. I really wanted a little sister of my own. Maybe I still do.

    By 10:30PM or all of the guests had left and farewells given. We prepared to go to sleep. I chose not to change out of my clothes for the 
    night. Wrote down some thoughts so I would be able put them here when I could. Played some chess. Quarreled some with Mom.

    Went to sleep by 11:30PM out of the sheer boredom of having nothing to do. There were no updates on anything I have on my watchlist radar
    and Instagram was only so interesting after a while. You get tired of being played by the algorithm eventually.

Wed Feb 28 00:59:51 IST 2024
    There's probably a bunch of stuff I'm leaving out, like where the hell was Prnaeeth most of the day. A lot of the details and minutia of 
    the day. The chronology of the events is also unclear.

    I'm gonna have to live with that since the details are already lost to me. Regardless of the fact that, right now, I just can't be 
    bothered to think of them all and write them down.

    Praneeth at least I can clarify on. He helped out Mom a lot. Was involved with most of the conversations with our cousins and activities
    initiated by them. He'd gone over with Aditya to their house to retrieve his car which had been left there to make room for all the 
    guests vehicles.

    The charge on this stupid laptop of Dad's running out so this is the end of the log for the 26th.

Wed Feb 28 01:05:34 IST 2024
    fin.