Thu Feb 29 17:25:16 IST 2024
    Okay. Let's get this over with. I don't think there's going to be much about this day. And the 28th is going to be almost identical so that's 
    somewhat of relief.

    I woke up at 7:00AM precisley. It was a force of habit and because I'd gone to sleep early the previous night. Though it did me no good, waking
    up so early. I was achy all over since I had to sleep on the ground with no mattress under me. 
    
    Mom and Dad weren't gonna wake up anytime soon. I didn't want to do anything without Mom's instruction since I have no idea of the do's and 
    don'ts in this house. So I just killed time playing Polytopia and scrolling Instagram on my phone. God the house was so dusty and unclean. I
    realize I sound as OCD as I usually see Mom as and well, I guess I am so much like her regardless of whether I like it or not.

    When Mom and Dad did wake up at 8:00AM, they still completely failed to hash out the matter of where to shower and brush teeth and all of that
    stuff. So we switched between the facilities in the house 1st floor house and the one on the groud floor. 

    I used the toilet and showered a while later in the bathroom in the downstair house and dressed up in a shirt and pants in place of the pajama 
    clothes I went to sleep with. Before and after that, I just passed the time on my phone listlessly or played bottle flip. 

    I'd done a bunch of bottle flipping last night too. It was quite nostalgic, reminding of some of the times in 9th or 10th grade when I played
    rounds of bottle flip duels with Rohan and Aryan.

Thu Feb 29 17:39:27 IST 2024
    After a while, Praneeth woke up. And he was royally pissed since he still couldn't connect to the Internet, which he was led to believe was 
    pretty available her by Mom, and thus couldn't log in to work. It took a minute and getting through some his frustrated shouting at Mom but I
    managed to get the password for the Jio network Mom had installed here for the CCTV cameras.

    Just in time too. Praneeth was about to just about to take his car and leave to... somewhere. He managed to connect to work and was dead to us
    for a couple hours.

    I thought Mom decided to drop us off back home in Vizag that afternoon because of her arguement with Praneeth. So I kept my peace too.

    For lunch, we ate a restaurant-bought thali that Dad brought. I took a long Siesta after eating since I bored out of my mind. Losing at chess
    so much is not fun. 

    Mom was still having work done in the upstairs house when I woke up again. Remember when I said I thought we would be going home today? Yeah, 
    no. Mom stalled long enough that doing that was no longer an option. Fucking bitch.

    I expected her to get a move on and stayed calm but I should have just grabbed the key and taken a bus home to Vizag. It would take 250/- at 
    most. Trusting Mom was most foolish of me.

    Praneeth was too busy with his work to do anything about it too.

    Dinner was the same as lunch. There was nothing much to speak of about the in-between time period. 

    I did need to manage my class's attendance for the day in the morning. So there was that.

    I went to sleep late at 1:20AM, heapiing curses upon my mother. I'd been doing that the whole day. Made me consider how unfit I was to be in 
    any sort of romantic relationship. Being the way I am right now, I just don't think I'm capable of sustaining a healthy relationship.

    Even more evidence that I should place firm distance betwixt myself and any romantic considerations of any kind. Though a certain girl is 
    making me fail at that completely. Which is why especially why I should keep that distance.

    The day, outside of what I wrote here, consists mostly of checking out stuff on my watchlist, losing at chess, playing Polytopia, and scrolling
    across Instagram.
    
    That's all I have to say about the 27th. 

Thu Feb 29 18:01:42 IST 2024
    fin.