Fri Mar  1 22:07:24 IST 2024
    Okay this one is very overdue. Let's get it done. I have to write log for the 1st of March too.

    So I woke up a little later this day since I apparently slept quite a bit late the previous night. I had to go update the 27th's log about that.

    I passed sometime on the phone and grumpily took a shower in the upstairs house. I was achy all over from sleeping on the floor. I felt like a 
    very spoiled brat. The water was cold, which I actually preferred because it is humid and hot. I skipped using any soap or shampoo on my hair
    because I just didn't see the point. It's not gonna stay clean.

    For a huge portion of the day I just put on music and passed the time on my phone. Reading through forums, scrolling Instagram, managing my 
    classes attendance, and playing chess or Polytopia. Both of which I lost at spectacularly. I browsed some Death Note fanfics out of boredom. I
    never actually finished watching Death Note fully so I didn't really get into that.

    Went through my collection of fics on Ao3. Ate takeout lunch again like the previous night. Did research on some tech stuff. Then I played 
    Dream League soccer until my phones battery almost died.

    There was some discussion on whether we would be leaivng for Vizag the day of or the next. I preferred the day of, i.e, the 28th.

    So they decided to go out to run some errands. Praneeth and I came out too because we were bored. So we ran those errands. Visited Aunt Aruna's
    house for some tiffin. Aishu was preparing for her Inter IPO exams. But she talked and ate with us while we were there.
    
    Came back home and finished the leftovers... leftover for dinner. And then, at 8:40PM we finally departed back home. To Vizag. Finally!

    We had some conversation in the car ride that I actually participated in a little. I usually just fall asleep or distance myself from the 
    conversation.

Fri Mar  1 23:08:03 IST 2024
    While on the ride, I came realize why I hate going out to any trips or events for family or otherwise. It's because I associate all of them
    with arguements and screaming matchs with Mom.

    I think I haven't had a single enjoyable moment in the past 3 days that involved Mom. At all. And that's honestly a terrible thing to say.

    Another thought occured while Mom was talking on the phone with Aunt Aruna. I've previously thought I was too numb and indifferent to Mom to 
    mourn her in the event of her death. That's not true at all. Mom is a friend to and cared for by many. Just not the version Dad, Praneeth and 
    I bring out in her. I also hate the version of me that Mom brings out. Not always. But sometimes, very fiercely, to my own detriment.

Fri Mar  1 23:14:45 IST 2024
    We made it home around 11:10PM. Dad and I helped Mom unpack all the things we carried over from the Srikakulam houses. Then Dad went in to 
    shower first. I followed a after he got out. Scrubbed myself raw. Shampoo'd my hair to death. When I got out I finally felt clean. I hadn't 
    enjoyed that feeling for 5 days. 

    I shouldn't take it for granted. I'll learn to appreciate it more.

    After showering, I sat down with my computer to familiarise myself with my system again. Did some stuff with my Git Repos. Read the new chapter
    of Oshi no Ko. Watched some YouTube videos and the new episode of 7th Time Loop.

    Mom told me to not go to college tomorrow. So I was in no hurry. By the time I got to bed it was 2:00AM almost.

    That's all for the 28th of February.

Fri Mar  1 23:33:57 IST 2024
    fin.