Thu Feb 29 10:50:51 IST 2024
    I have to write so many logs today. But I'm home to write them, so silver linings and all that.

    I woke up at 8:45AM today. Brushed my teeth, hydrated, eat honey after 4 days of not eating it. Emptied my bladder, helped Mom with some chores.

    I decided to shower in the afternoon. Dad cooked Upma before leaving for his morning shift at the hospital, so I got a plate of it and sat down
    to watch some YouTube, read through forums on AH, and some webtoons.

    I settled the matter of the day's attendance for my class as well. Now I've started on the logs. There's so much to write. I don't know if have
    I the mental energy for it all. And yes, these things take up a lot of mental energy.

    I guess I'll write more of this one later. Should go get to work on those pending logs.

Thu Feb 29 14:21:20 IST 2024
    Hey! So it's been a little while. I did not in fact start on those pending logs. I watched YouTube, did some coding and played some chess. I 
    just came out of the shower a couple minutes ago. 

    Just implemented a stack in Rust using it's std::vec implementations. On the first try. That was fun.

Thu Feb 29 20:14:42 IST 2024
    I watched more YouTube after I wrote the above stuff. Ate some rice and dal with potatoe curry all of which was from takeout Dad brought when
    he came home after finishing his morning shift. I went through some forums and laid on the bed for a while to relax.

    Decided to take a nap. It was 4:30PM at the time. When I back woke up, the time was 8:00PM. Nice.

    I heated up the milk, made myself a glass coffee and a glass of bourn vita for Mom. I have to go help with some chores now.

    Be right back.  

Thu Feb 29 20:20:34 IST 2024
    This line is just for the timestamp. Also the last timestamps are off since I didn't do 'setdate' before I used them.

Fri Mar  1 02:07:02 IST 2024
    It is very late and I want to go to college tomorrow for Fest, so I' try to make this quick.

    I read through the newsletters. A new chapter of a PJO fic came out so I read that while drinking my coffee. Made updates to my .bashrc file.
 
    Diced some vegetables for dinner, watched more YouTube, did some tinkering with git commands. Talked some anime and movies with Bro.

    Ate lunch to more YouTube videos and some browsing of forums. Made a couple additions to my OneNote notes about money management.

    After I finished lunch, I watched a couple more YouTube videos and then went into my workspace to play around with some Rust. I'd some of it 
    earlier too. Then I wanted autocomplete on my Rust source code, but VSC was being too bothersome so I went the vim route.

    I spent the rest of the time until now figuring that out using ChatGPT. Installing vim pluggins, then realizing I needed a pluggin mangager for
    them, actually making it all work, updating the .dotfiles repo with git submodules since the pluggins are also git repos. It was fun and very
    rewarding since I now have formatting, syntax and error highlighting on my Rust source code written in vim. Autocorrect is still a work in 
    progress. I'll see about it tomorrow.

    I also wrote up the log for the 27th. The 28th is still pending and I'll write it tomorrow. I wanted finish all of February's stuff in 
    February but better done than not. So tomorrow it is.

    I also want to enumerate goals for the rest of the March month tomorrow. And review the logs for the whole February.

    I think that's about all I want to write for the 29th. Well, plus a couple night hours of the 1st of March. Whatever. So yeah, done.

Fri Mar  1 02:21:13 IST 2024
    fin.